Nadh is like the oil that keeps a car running smoothly. It is necessary for the engine to function properly. In the body, nadh is necessary for the production of energy.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to a business student.	lt	business	1
Proteins are like the workers in a business. They do the important work of the company. They are responsible for building and repairing the products, and keeping the business running.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to a business student.	lt	business	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe is written down and tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. The recipe is like the DNA code.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to a business student.	lt	business	1
Glycogen is like a business's cash reserve. It is a stored form of energy that the business can use when it needs it.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to a business student.	lt	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the company's warehouse. The warehouse stores the company's inventory and the endoplasmic reticulum stores the company's proteins.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to a business student.	lt	business	1
Golgi is like the post office for the cells in your body. It receives packages (proteins) from the ER and sorts them into different mailboxes (cellular compartments).	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to a business student.	lt	business	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the company's front door. It is the first line of defense against outside invaders, such as bacteria and viruses. The membrane is also responsible for allowing nutrients and other important molecules into the cell and for getting rid of waste products.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to a business student.	lt	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They recycle old or damaged materials so that the business can continue to function efficiently. Lysosomes also help to get rid of toxins that can harm the business.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to a business student.	lt	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the "quality control" department of a business. They are responsible for making sure that the products that the business produces are of the highest quality. They do this by breaking down and removing harmful toxins from the products.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to a business student.	lt	business	1
Mitochondria are the "powerhouses" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy for the cell. In the business world, mitochondria would be the workers who produce the energy (money) for the company.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to a business student.	lt	business	1
A chloroplast is like a factory in a business. It produces the goods that the business needs to function. In the case of a chloroplast, it produces the goods that the plant needs to function.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to a business student.	lt	business	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides the structure that the cells need to stay organized and function properly. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins that form a network of filaments inside the cell. These filaments can change shape to allow the cell to move and grow.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to a business student.	lt	business	1
ATP is the currency of energy in the body. Just as a dollar can be used to buy a candy bar or a tank of gas, ATP can be used to buy energy for the body. When you eat a candy bar, your body uses the sugar in the bar to make ATP. When you drive your car, your car uses the gasoline in the tank to make ATP.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to a business student.	lt	business	1
NADPH is like the fuel that powers a car. It is used to create energy in the body.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to a business student.	lt	business	1
Peroxysomes are like the " recycling bin" of the cell. They recycle damaged or old proteins, as well as break down fatty acids.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to a business student.	lt	business	1
Mytochondria are the "business brains" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy (ATP) for the cell to use. Without mytochondria, the cell would not be able to function.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to a business student.	lt	business	0
Electric forces are like the attraction between magnets. Just as two magnets will be attracted to each other, two electric charges will be attracted to each other.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to a business student.	lt	business	1
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a company's office. The electron is located in a specific spot in the office, and it can only move around within a certain area. The size of this area depends on the electron's orbital.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a business student.	lt	business	1
The first line of defense in the body is analogous to the front line of a business. This is the first line of defense against attack and is responsible for stopping any potential threats from entering the system. In the body, this is done through the use of the immune system, which is made up of white blood cells, antibodies, and other proteins that work to protect the body from infection and disease. In a business, this would be the employees who are responsible for screening visitors and customers, and stopping any potential threats from entering the business.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to a business student.	lt	business	1
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They are the first responders to any kind of infection or injury. They go to the site of the infection or injury and clean it up. They also help to activate the immune system so that it can fight the infection or injury.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to a business student.	lt	business	1
T-helper cells are like the human resources department of a business. They are responsible for recruiting new employees (T-cells) and helping them to become productive members of the company. They also help to keep the company's immune system functioning properly.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to a business student.	lt	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like the human resources department of a business. They are responsible for recruiting new employees (antibodies) and training them to do their jobs. They also help to keep the business running smoothly by coordinating the activities of the other employees.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to a business student.	lt	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the secret service of the immune system. They are responsible for identifying and destroying cells that are infected or have been damaged.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a business student.	lt	business	1
When bacteria invade a business, they can cause a lot of damage. They can spread quickly and can be difficult to get rid of. They can damage property, equipment, and products. They can also cause illness among employees. In order to protect a business from bacteria, it is important to have a good infection control plan in place. This includes using disinfectants, keeping the premises clean, and educating employees about how to prevent the spread of bacteria.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to a business student.	lt	business	1
Action potential is like a flow of electricity through a wire. The electricity is like the action potential and the wire is like the neuron. The electricity starts at one end of the wire and flows through it until it reaches the other end.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to a business student.	lt	business	1
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed on a strip of paper and the different components travel different distances, depending on their size and weight. The different components can then be identified by their color.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to a business student.	lt	business	0
The main sequence lifetime of a star is the length of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. This is the most stable phase of a star's life, and it lasts for billions of years. After the hydrogen in the core is used up, the star will enter into a more unstable phase and eventually die.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a business student.	lt	business	0
Nucleus is the CEO of a company. He is in charge of making all the important decisions for the company and he oversees all the operations. He is the most important person in the company and everything revolves around him.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to a business student.	lt	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They are responsible for making the products (proteins) that the factory produces.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to a business student.	lt	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like the post office for a business. It is responsible for receiving and sorting packages (or proteins) from different parts of the cell, and then delivering them to the correct destination.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to a business student.	lt	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They recycle old or damaged materials so that the business can continue to function efficiently. Lysosomes also help to get rid of toxins that can harm the business.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to a business student.	lt	business	1
The nuclear envelope is like the walls of a building. It surrounds and protects the nucleus, just as the walls of a building protect the people inside. The nuclear envelope is made of two thin membranes, called the nuclear membrane and the plasma membrane. The nuclear membrane is made of proteins and lipids, and the plasma membrane is made of proteins and carbohydrates.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to a business student.	lt	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage locker in a business. It is a place where you can store things until you need them.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to a business student.	lt	business	1
Cytoplasm is like the water in a fish tank. It surrounds and supports the fish. In the same way, cytoplasm surrounds and supports the cells' organelles.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to a business student.	lt	business	1
Chromosomes are like the blueprints for a business. They contain the instructions for how the business should be run.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to a business student.	lt	business	1
Cytosol can be thought of as the "blood" of a cell. It is a water-based solution that contains all of the cellular machinery needed to keep the cell alive. It also contains dissolved proteins and other molecules that allow the cell to carry out its functions.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to a business student.	lt	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of resources and it needs to use those resources to survive and grow. The cell has a nucleus, which is like the owner of the business. The nucleus controls the resources of the cell and decides how to use them. The cell also has cytoplasm, which is like the employees of the business. The cytoplasm carries out the orders of the nucleus and helps the cell to grow and survive.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to a business student.	lt	business	1
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold things like chemicals or proteins. Vesicles are made by the body and can be used to deliver things to different parts of the body.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to a business student.	lt	business	1
A cell wall is like a company's firewall. It is a barrier that protects the company's internal systems from outside attacks. In the same way, a cell wall protects a cell's internal systems from outside attacks.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to a business student.	lt	business	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as businesses are made up of smaller parts that work together, cells are made up of smaller parts that work together. Cells have a nucleus, which is like the CEO of the cell, and they have organelles, which are like the different departments in a business. Cells also have a membrane, which is like the company's fence.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to a business student.	lt	business	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for making decisions that will affect the company as a whole. The cell membrane is responsible for making decisions that will affect the cell as a whole.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to a business student.	lt	business	1
The Golgi body is a lot like the post office. It is responsible for receiving packages (the proteins that are made in the ribosomes) from all over the cell and sorting them into different mailboxes (the different organelles). It also packages up the proteins that are ready to be shipped out of the cell.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to a business student.	lt	business	1
Capacitance is a measure of how much electrical charge a capacitor can store. It is measured in Farads. A capacitor is like a battery. It stores electrical energy until it is needed.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to a business student.	lt	business	1
Electric current is like the flow of water in a river. Just as the water in a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage. Just as a river can be dammed to create a reservoir of water, a voltage can be created to store electricity. Just as a river can be used to power a mill, electric current can be used to power machines.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to a business student.	lt	business	1
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spurt out water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow through a wire.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to a business student.	lt	business	1
A business is like a cell. The cell has a specialized function, such as making energy or proteins. The cell also communicates with other cells to coordinate its activities. In the same way, a business has specialized functions, such as marketing or accounting. The business also communicates with other businesses to coordinate its activities.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to a business student.	lt	business	1
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This means that the voltage at any point in a circuit is the sum of the voltages of the individual components in the circuit. This law is important for businesses because it helps them to understand how electricity flows through circuits and how to design circuits that are efficient and safe.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to a business student.	lt	business	0
A density wave is a wave of increased or decreased density in a medium. In business, a density wave can be thought of as a wave of increased or decreased demand for a product or service. For example, if a company releases a new product, there may be a wave of increased demand for that product. If a company announces that it is closing, there may be a wave of decreased demand for that product.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to a business student.	lt	business	1
Enzymes are like the workers in a factory. They are responsible for the production of the product. In the case of enzymes, the product is the chemical reaction that occurs in the body.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to a business student.	lt	business	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as a computer's random access memory (RAM). Just as a computer's RAM stores the active data that is being used by the processor, the human active memory system stores the active information that is being used by the brain. The human active memory system is a limited resource, and like a computer's RAM, it needs to be regularly cleared out and refreshed in order to continue functioning effectively.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to a business student.	lt	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. This step is responsible for the overall rate of a reaction. In a business setting, the rate-determining step is the step that affects how quickly a business can complete a task. For example, if a business is trying to increase its sales, the rate-determining step would be the step that affects how quickly it can produce and sell products.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a business student.	lt	business	1
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and a solvent is passed through the column. The components of the mixture are separated based on their different rates of movement through the column. The component that moves the fastest is the first to exit the column, and the component that moves the slowest is the last to exit the column.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to a business student.	lt	business	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a business that is always in balance. The business makes money and spends money, but it always ends up with the same amount of money. The same is true for chemical equilibrium. The reactants and products always balance out, and the system is always in equilibrium.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student.	lt	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage locker in a business. It is a place where you can store things until you need them.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to a business student.	lt	business	1
A business student might understand transport vesicles if they were explained using the analogy of a bus. The bus transports people from one location to another. The people are the cargo and the bus is the vesicle. The bus has a specific route that it takes and it transports the people to their desired destination. The people can get on and off the bus at any stop along the route. The bus is able to transport a large number of people at one time.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to a business student.	lt	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the business student's textbooks - they provide the basic knowledge that is needed to understand a particular topic. In the case of proto-oncogenes, this knowledge is essential for understanding how cancer develops. Just as textbooks can be used to learn about a variety of different subjects, proto-oncogenes can play a role in the development of many different types of cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to a business student.	lt	business	1
Oncogenes are like the sales department of a company. They are responsible for increasing the company's sales and profits. They are the driving force behind the company's growth.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to a business student.	lt	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police of the body. They help to keep the cells in check and prevent them from becoming cancerous. When these genes are working properly, they help to keep the cells in balance. However, when they are mutated or damaged, they can no longer do their job, and the cells can become cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to a business student.	lt	business	1
Brittle software is like a thin piece of glass that is easily broken. It doesn't take much force to cause it to shatter. In the same way, brittle software is easily damaged and doesn't take much to cause it to fail.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to a business student.	lt	business	1
Resonance hybrid is a model that helps to explain the bonding in molecules. In a resonance hybrid, the electrons are distributed in such a way that the most stable electron configuration is achieved. This is done by combining the best of each of the individual electron configurations. In a business context, resonance hybrid could be used to explain how a company can be successful by combining the best of each individual department or division.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to a business student.	lt	business	1
A wave mechanical model is similar to a business model in that it is a simplified representation of a more complex system. The wave mechanical model is used to help explain the behavior of waves, while the business model is used to help explain the behavior of businesses. Both models are useful in understanding how the system works and in predicting future behavior.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to a business student.	lt	business	1
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test used to measure the electrical activity of the brain. This activity is measured by electrodes placed on the scalp. The EEG can be used to detect problems with the brain, such as a seizure, or to monitor the progress of a brain injury.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to a business student.	lt	business	0
DNA replication can be thought of as a business process that produces a new product (DNA molecule) using the original product (DNA molecule) as a template. The business process involves a number of steps, including:1. Identifying the need for a new product.2. Determining the specifications for the new product.3. Producing the original product.4. Using the original product as a template to produce the new product.5. Inspecting the new product to ensure that it meets the specifications.6. Distributing the new product to the appropriate locations.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to a business student.	lt	business	1
RNA transcription is similar to a business process where a worker takes an order from a customer and creates a product based on that order. The worker takes the customer's request and creates a product that meets the customer's needs.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to a business student.	lt	business	1
Protein translation is the process by which a gene is converted into a protein. In business, this would be analogous to a company taking an idea and turning it into a product. The company would start by researching the idea and coming up with a plan for how to make it a reality. They would then create a prototype and test it to make sure it is viable. Once they have finalized the product, they would market it and sell it to customers.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to a business student.	lt	business	1
An ecosystem is a community of different species of living organisms and their physical environment. The living organisms in an ecosystem interact with one another and with their physical environment to create a complex web of relationships.A business is like an ecosystem. It is a community of different species of living organisms (workers) and their physical environment (the office). The living organisms in a business interact with one another and with their physical environment to create a complex web of relationships. Just as in an ecosystem, the health of a business depends on the health of its individual members and on the health of the relationships between them.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to a business student.	lt	business	1
When an action potential is generated by the initial stimulus, it travels down the neuron in a wave-like manner. This means that the action potential will move from the site of the initial stimulus and will then move down the neuron. This will continue until it reaches the end of the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a business student.	lt	business	0
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs extract oxygen from the air and the frog's blood carries the oxygen throughout its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a business student.	lt	business	1
A business student might understand layered architecture if it is explained using an analogy with a cake. The cake is built in layers, with each layer adding something new. The first layer is the cake's crust. This is the foundation of the cake and is made of a sturdy material, such as flour, sugar, and eggs. The next layer is the cake's filling. This might be a sweet and creamy mixture, such as chocolate or vanilla. The top layer is the cake's frosting. This might be a sweet and fluffy mixture, such as whipped cream or buttercream.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to a business student.	lt	business	1
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. An excess reactant is a reactant that is in excess and is not used up in the reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student.	lt	business	0
A eukaryotic cell is like a business. The cell has a CEO (the nucleus), managers (the organelles), workers (the cells), and customers (the tissues and organs). The CEO is responsible for making sure the business is running smoothly and that the workers are doing their jobs. The managers are responsible for making sure the workers have what they need to do their jobs and that the customers are happy. The workers are responsible for doing the work of the business. And the customers are the people who benefit from the work of the business.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to a business student.	lt	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple and has a limited number of employees (proteins and RNA). It has a basic organizational structure and a limited range of products and services. It is relatively easy to start and operate, and it can grow and adapt to changing conditions.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to a business student.	lt	business	1
The kernel is the heart of the operating system. It is responsible for managing the system's resources and providing basic services to the other parts of the system. The kernel is also responsible for security, ensuring that unauthorized users cannot access the system's resources.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to a business student.	lt	business	1
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. In business, a limiting reactant would be a scarce resource that limits the amount of product that can be produced. For example, a company might have only a limited amount of money to invest in a new product, which would then limit the amount of product that could be produced.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to a business student.	lt	business	1
Helicase is a protein that helps to unzip DNA so that it can be copied. It is like a business student who is able to quickly and efficiently unzip her backpack so that she can get to her textbooks and notes.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to a business student.	lt	business	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the glue that holds the DNA replication process together. They are responsible for attaching the DNA replication machinery to the DNA molecule, and ensuring that the replication process proceeds smoothly. Without these proteins, the DNA replication process would be much less efficient, and could even fail altogether.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to a business student.	lt	business	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is used in genetic engineering to create new DNA sequences. In business, ligase can be thought of as a connector. It helps to bring together different elements and create a new whole.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to a business student.	lt	business	1
A process control block (PCB) is a small, lightweight metal or plastic block that is attached to a manufactured product to help ensure quality and consistency. The block is used as a reference point to help inspectors and quality control personnel quickly and easily identify any defects or inconsistencies in the product. The block is also used to track the product through the manufacturing process so that any issues can be identified and corrected.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to a business student.	lt	business	0
Message encoding is the process of transforming readable text into a format that can be transmitted electronically. This format is often called a code, and it allows the text to be sent over a network without being corrupted. The code is designed to be interpreted by a specific type of software, which is known as a decoder. When the text arrives at its destination, the decoder will convert it back into readable text.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to a business student.	lt	business	0
Drugs and receptor sites interact in a way that can be compared to two people shaking hands. The drug is like the person, and the receptor site is like the other person's hand. When the two people shake hands, they are able to interact with each other. In the same way, when the drug and receptor site interact, they are able to communicate with each other.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student.	lt	business	1
A monitor is like a television for a business student. It is a device that displays information.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to a business student.	lt	business	1
The CPU is the "brain" of the computer. It is responsible for executing the instructions that make the computer work.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to a business student.	lt	business	0
A motherboard can be thought of as the foundation of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the key components of a computer, such as the CPU, memory, and ports.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to a business student.	lt	business	1
Ram is a type of computer memory that is used to store data temporarily. It is much faster than traditional hard drives, but it is also more expensive. Ram is often used to store the operating system and applications that are being used by the computer.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to a business student.	lt	business	0
A power supply unit (PSU) is a component in a computer that supplies power to the other components. The PSU converts AC power from the wall to the DC power that the computer components require. A good PSU will provide clean, stable power to the computer, and will also be quiet.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to a business student.	lt	business	0
A keyboard is a tool that helps a person input text into a computer.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to a business student.	lt	business	0
Mouse is a computer input device that is used to control the movement of the cursor on the screen.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to a business student.	lt	business	0
An audio card is like a microphone for a computer. It allows the computer to record sound and play back sound.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to a business student.	lt	business	1
A video card is like a business student's brain. It is what processes all the information that the student is learning. The better the video card, the better the student's brain will function.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to a business student.	lt	business	1
The tree's age calculation is like when a company calculates its depreciation. The company takes the cost of the asset and divides it by the number of years the asset is expected to be used. This gives the company an annual depreciation expense. The tree's age calculation is the same way. The tree's cost is divided by the number of years the tree is expected to live. This gives the tree an annual age calculation.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to a business student.	lt	business	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and is used to produce energy for the cell.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to a business student.	lt	business	0
When light shines on a certain material, the light waves will interact with the material and be scattered in all directions. Some of the light waves will be scattered in the opposite direction of the incoming light waves, which is called anti-stokes scattering. This phenomenon can be used to measure the optical properties of materials.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student.	lt	business	0
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by small particles in a gas or liquid. It is similar to the scattering of light by raindrops in the sky. The light is scattered in all directions and the intensity of the light decreases with distance.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to a business student.	lt	business	1
The median lethal dose is the dose of a toxin that kills 50% of the test population. In other words, it is the dose that is lethal to half of the people who are exposed to it. This is a measure of the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to a business student.	lt	business	1
The universe can be thought of as a business. It has a beginning, a middle, and an end. The beginning is when the universe is created, the middle is when it is in progress, and the end is when it is destroyed. The universe has a purpose, which is to sustain life. It has rules, which are the laws of physics. And it has a CEO, which is God.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to a business student.	lt	business	1
Enzyme mechanism is like a business process. Enzymes are like the employees who carry out the process, and the substrate is like the customer who provides the input. The enzyme converts the input into the desired output, just like a business processes converts customer input into a product or service. The reaction conditions (e.g. temperature, pH, etc.) are like the business environment, and they need to be optimized in order to get the best results.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to a business student.	lt	business	1
Anova is a statistical technique used to test the difference between the means of two or more groups. It is similar to the t-test, but can be used with more than two groups. The results of an anova test can be used to determine whether the means of the groups are statistically different from each other.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to a business student.	lt	business	1
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building by turning on or off the heating or cooling system. It does this by sensing the temperature and then sending a signal to the heating or cooling system to turn on or off.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to a business student.	lt	business	0
Chemical equilibrium is a state in which the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. This means that the concentrations of the reactants and products do not change over time. In business, equilibrium is reached when the demand for a product is equal to the supply. This means that the price of the product does not change and the number of products sold is constant.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to a business student.	lt	business	0
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's efficiency by reducing the amount of inventory that it holds. The idea is that instead of stocking up on supplies and materials, a company will only order what it needs as it needs it. This reduces the amount of money that a company spends on inventory, and it also means that the company is less likely to run out of supplies.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to a business student.	lt	business	0
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a business that has to constantly adapt to changing conditions in order to survive. The business has to be able to change and grow with the times, while also maintaining the core values that define it. In the same way, the immune system has to be able to adapt to new pathogens, while also maintaining the ability to fight off old threats.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to a business student.	lt	business	1
Ohm's law is a law that states that the current through a conductor is directly proportional to the voltage across the conductor. In other words, if the voltage is increased, the current will also increase. This law is important for businesses because it helps to understand how electricity flows through circuits and how to design circuits that will allow for the desired amount of current.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to a business student.	lt	business	1
Transcription is the process of turning written words into an audio recording. This can be done for a book, article, or any other text. The transcriptionist will read the text aloud and record it. This can be used for a business student to listen to a lecture or to help with studying.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to a business student.	lt	business	0
RNA polymerase is a bit like a secretary in a business. The secretary takes notes of what the boss is saying, and then types up a report based on those notes. RNA polymerase does something similar. It reads the genetic code in DNA, and then creates a copy of that code in RNA.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to a business student.	lt	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They are responsible for making the proteins that the factory needs.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to a business student.	lt	business	1
Activator protein is like the CEO of a company. It is responsible for initiating and regulating the transcription of DNA into RNA.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to a business student.	lt	business	1
Electricity is like water in a pipe. The voltage is the water pressure, and the current is the amount of water flowing through the pipe. The resistance is like the size of the pipe. The bigger the pipe, the less resistance it has.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to a business student.	lt	business	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. In other words, it is the tendency of water to avoid contact with nonpolar molecules. This is important in business because it is responsible for the solubility of lipids in water. Lipids are important for business because they are the building blocks of cell membranes and are necessary for the proper functioning of cells.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to a business student.	lt	business	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as the process of converting a signal from one form to another. For example, when you speak on the phone, your voice is converted into an electrical signal that is sent through the phone line. The signal is then converted back into sound waves that you can hear on the other end of the line.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to a business student.	lt	business	1
Nadh is like gasoline for a car. It is the fuel that helps the engine run. In the same way, nadh is necessary for the body to function properly. It helps turn food into energy and allows cells to communicate with each other.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to a business student.	ht	business	1
Nadh is an important molecule for the production of energy in the body. It is produced when glucose and oxygen are combined in the cells of the body. Nadh is necessary for the conversion of stored carbohydrates into usable energy.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to a business student.	ht	business	0
Nadh is like the oil that keeps a car running smoothly. It's not something you see or feel, but it's essential for the engine to work properly. In the same way, nadh is an important part of energy production in the body.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to a business student.	ht	business	1
Proteins are like the employees in a business. They carry out the essential tasks of the company. Some proteins are involved in making new products, others deliver them to customers, and still others maintain the equipment or keep track of the books. Like any good employee, a protein must do its job well if the company is going to succeed.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to a business student.	ht	business	1
Proteins are like the employees of a business. They are responsible for carrying out the tasks that keep the business running smoothly. Like proteins, employees need to be fed and rested in order to function properly.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to a business student.	ht	business	1
A protein is like a workhorse in the body. It does all sorts of jobs, from building muscles to repairing tissue. Just as you would need more than one workhorse to do all the work around your farm, the body needs many different proteins to do all its various tasks.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA can be thought of as the blueprint for a company. The DNA molecule is a large and complex one, containing all the instructions necessary to create a living cell. It consists of two strands wound around each other like a spiral staircase. These strands are made up of smaller molecules called nucleotides, which contain four chemical building blocks: adenine (A), cytosine (C), guanine (G), and thymine (T).	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA, or deoxyribonucleic acid, can be thought of as the blueprint for a business. The sequence of nucleotides in DNA encodes the instructions necessary to create proteins, which carry out all the important tasks in a cell. Just as a good business plan is essential for starting and running a successful company, the sequence of genetic information in DNA is necessary for creating cells and organisms.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe has all of the instructions that are needed to make the cake. DNA has all of the instructions that are needed to create a living being.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to a business student.	ht	business	1
Glycogen is like the gasoline in a car. It provides energy to the engine, which helps the car move. The glycogen in our bodies is stored in our liver and muscles. When we need energy, such as during exercise, our body breaks down the glycogen and uses it to power our cells. Just like a car needs gas to run, our bodies need glycogen to function properly	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to a business student.	ht	business	1
Glycogen is like a business student's bank account. It is a storage area for glucose, which the body can use for energy. When the business student has money in his bank account, he can spend it on whatever he needs. Similarly, when the body has glycogen stores, it can use that glucose for energy.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to a business student.	ht	business	1
Glycogen is like a battery in the human body. It stores energy for later use. The business student analogy would be that glycogen is like a fuel tank in a car. It stores gasoline (or energy) for later use.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to a business student.	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the business student's office. It's where all of the important work gets done. The student can use it to store information, do research, and communicate with other people in the business world.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to a business student.	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives shipments (molecules) from other parts of the cell and sends them on their way to where they need to go.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to a business student.	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the shipping and receiving department for a business. It receives packages (molecules) from other parts of the cell and then sends them on their way to be used or stored.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to a business student.	ht	business	1
Golgi is like a FedEx office in your brain. It processes and packages information for delivery to other parts of the brain or body.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a post office in the cell. It processes and packages proteins that are made by the ribosomes. The proteins are sent to different parts of the cell, where they will be used.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that processes proteins and lipids that are secreted from the endoplasmic reticulum. The proteins and lipids pass through the Golgi after being synthesized in the ER. The Golgi compartmentalizes these substances into vesicles, which are then sent to their appropriate destination within or outside of the cell.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to a business student.	ht	business	0
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a business’s front door. It is the first line of defense against the outside world and controls what enters and leaves the business. The plasma membrane allows certain things to pass through it, such as water and oxygen, while blocking other things, like bacteria.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to a business student.	ht	business	1
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a business’s storefront. It is the first thing customers see and it is where most transactions take place. The plasma membrane is responsible for keeping the business’s interior separate from the external environment.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to a business student.	ht	business	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board is responsible for making decisions that affect the company as a whole. Similarly, the plasma membrane oversees everything that happens inside and outside of cells.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to a business student.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the “recycling center” of a cell. Just like your city or town has a recycling center where people can take their recyclable materials to be recycled, lysosomes are where broken-down cellular material is recycled back into new cells. This process is called autophagy (aw-toe-fuh-jee). Lysosomes also help to get rid of old or damaged cells, which helps keep the cell healthy.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to a business student.	ht	business	1
A lysosome is like a tiny recycling plant inside each of our cells. It breaks down unwanted or damaged materials, recycles them, and uses the energy to help keep our cells healthy.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to a business student.	ht	business	0
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins in a business. The lysosomes digest old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids so that the materials can be reused. This is similar to how a business might recycle paper, plastic, and metals to reuse them instead of creating new products from scratch.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to a business student.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the "clean up crew" of a business. They help to get rid of waste and debris, which keeps the company running smoothly.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the quality control department of a business. They inspect and tidy up any mistakes made by other parts of the business. In addition, they produce important chemicals that help keep the business running smoothly.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the small businesses in a city. They are independently owned and operated, and they often have their own unique specialty. However, unlike the big businesses in a city, peroxisomes usually don't have many employees. Instead, they rely on outside contractors to help them get things done. Additionally, peroxisomes tend to be smaller than the big businesses, making them more agile and able to respond quickly to changes in the market	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of cells, since they are responsible for producing energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP). In business terms, mitochondria can be thought of as the engines that power the company. Just like a car needs gasoline to run, cells need ATP to function. Mitochondria produce this vital molecule, making them essential for all cellular activity.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to a business student.	ht	business	1
The mitochondria can be thought of as the batteries in a car. Just like a battery powers different parts of a car, the mitochondria power different parts of the cell. The mitochondria are responsible for producing energy for the cell to use.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to a business student.	ht	business	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "power plants" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy in the form of ATP (adenosine triphosphate) for the cell to use. In addition, mitochondria also play a role in cellular signaling and metabolism.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to a business student.	ht	business	1
A chloroplast is like a factory in a business. The chloroplast takes in raw materials (carbon dioxide and water) and manufactures something valuable for the business (oxygen and glucose).	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to a business student.	ht	business	1
Chloroplasts are often compared to businesses because they are both organizations that perform a specific task. In the case of chloroplasts, their task is to use sunlight and CO2 to create glucose and oxygen from water. The business analogy would be something like a factory where workers produce a product or service.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to a business student.	ht	business	1
A chloroplast is like a factory in a business. It produces the goods that the business needs to function. In this analogy, the goods are proteins, carbohydrates, and lipids. The chloroplast uses energy from the sun to produce these goods.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton is the skeletal system of a cell. It is made up of proteins that give the cell its shape and stability. The cytoskeleton also helps the cell to move and divide.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to a business student.	ht	business	0
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffold that a construction company uses to build a building. The cytoskeleton provides support for the cell and helps it to maintain its shape. It also enables the cell to move around and interact with its environment.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding in a construction site. It provides support for the cells and helps them to keep their shape.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to a business student.	ht	business	1
ATP is essentially the "fuel" that powers muscles. Muscles need ATP in order to contract, and this ATP comes from the breakdown of food molecules (carbohydrates and fats) within the muscle cells. When a person exercises, their muscles need more energy than usual, so they break down more food molecules to create more ATP. This is what causes people to get tired after exercising - their muscles are using up all of their energy!	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to a business student.	ht	business	0
Atp is like the gasoline that powers a car. It is used to create energy in the body, which allows us to move and function.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to a business student.	ht	business	1
Adenosine triphosphate (ATP) is the "currency" of energy for cells. It is used to power everything from muscle movements to chemical reactions. When a cell needs more energy, it breaks down ATP into adenosine diphosphate (ADP) and inorganic phosphate (Pi). ADP can then be re-used to create more ATP.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to a business student.	ht	business	0
NADPH is similar to money in a bank account. It represents a store of energy that can be used to do work (in this case, produce glucose from carbon dioxide and water).	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to a business student.	ht	business	1
NADPH would be to a business student as the blood running through veins and arteries is to the human body. NADPH helps by delivering oxygen and glucose (sugar) to all of the cells in the body - including those in muscles, where energy is needed for movement. It also helps remove wastes from cells.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to a business student.	ht	business	1
Just as oxygen is the lifeblood of humans, nadph is the lifeblood of plants. It helps produce energy in the chloroplasts of plant cells, allowing them to create glucose from light and carbon dioxide. Nadph is also necessary for photosynthesis to occur quickly, which is why it's often called "the fuel of photosynthesis."	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to a business student.	ht	business	1
A peroxysome is a small, round organelle that is found in the cytoplasm of cells. It has a single membrane and contains enzymes that catalyze the oxidation of fatty acids. These reactions produce hydrogen peroxide, which is used by the cell to generate energy.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to a business student.	ht	business	0
Peroxysomes are like the "recycling center" of a business. They are responsible for breaking down old or damaged materials and components so that they can be reused or recycled. This helps to keep the company running smoothly and efficiently, without having to waste valuable resources on unused materials.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to a business student.	ht	business	1
Peroxysomes are like the "recycling bins" of a business. They take in damaged or old proteins, break them down into their component parts, and then release those parts so that they can be reused to build new proteins. This recycling process is important for keeping cells healthy and functioning properly.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to a business student.	ht	business	1
Mytochondria is similar to a business in the sense that it is responsible for producing energy for the cell. Just as a business needs money to operate, mytochondria need oxygen and glucose to produce energy.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to a business student.	ht	business	1
Mytochondria are the cells within a business that produce energy. The mitochondria produce adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is used by the cells to carry out their functions. Without ATP, the cells would not be able to function and the business would collapse.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to a business student.	ht	business	1
Mytochondria are the cells in our body that produce energy. In business, this would be equivalent to the workers who produce the products or services. Just as mytochondria need energy to function, workers need a salary and benefits in order to do their job.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to a business student.	ht	business	1
Electric forces are similar to gravitational forces in that they both involve a pulling or pushing action between two objects. However, electric force is caused by the electric fields that extend from electrically charged particles, while gravitational force is caused by the mass of an object. Gravitational force is much stronger than electric force, but only works over very large distances. Electric force can act over small distances and is very powerful.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to a business student.	ht	business	1
Electric forces are like people in a room. The closer two people are to each other, the more force they feel between them. If you have ever been to a party, you know that when people stand close together they can feel each other's energy and it creates a kind of excitement. Electric forces work in much the same way.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to a business student.	ht	business	1
Electric forces are similar to the gravitational force between two masses, but they occur when there is an electric charge instead of a mass. Like gravity, electric forces decrease as the distance between the charges increases.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to a business student.	ht	business	1
In business school, one of the first things students learn is about the different types of company structures. There are three main types of company structures: sole proprietorships, partnerships, and corporations. A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a type of company structure. The electron's orbital is shaped like a sphere with the nucleus at its center. The electron can move around the nucleus in any direction within the sphere. This corresponds to a sole proprietorship where there is one owner who has complete control over the business. The electron's orbital can also be thought of as a partnership where two or more people own and operate the business together. In this case, the electrons would share space within the orbtial equally. Finally, an electron's orbital can be thought of as a corporation where there are multiple owners but each owner has limited liability for the debts and actions taken by the company.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a business student.	ht	business	1
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a kind of "orbit" around the nucleus. The higher the number on the orbit, the further away from the nucleus it is.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a business student.	ht	business	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a company's office. The electron is free to move about the office in any direction, but it spends most of its time in certain areas (or orbits) around the room. In the same way, an electron in a hydrogen atom spends most of its time near the nucleus, but it is free to move about in any direction.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a business student.	ht	business	1
The first line of defense in the body is analogous to a company's front-line employees. These are the people who interact with customers and are responsible for customer service. They are also responsible for protecting the company from potential threats, such as fraudulent activity or theft. Just as the first line of defense in the body protects against outside threats, front-line employees protect a business from external threats.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to a business student.	ht	business	1
The body's first line of defense is analogous to a business' security system. The body's first line of defense is made up of the skin, mucous membranes, tears, and saliva. These barriers protect the body from pathogens and other foreign invaders. In a business, the security system protects the premises from burglary and theft.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to a business student.	ht	business	1
In the business world, the first line of defense is typically the front-line employees. They are the ones who interact with customers and have the most contact with potential sources of danger or harm. In a similar way, our body's first line of defense is composed of the organs that are closest to the outside world: our skin, nose, and mouth. These organs act as a barrier against harmful substances and agents.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to a business student.	ht	business	1
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They clean up debris and help to get rid of any infection or problem.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to a business student.	ht	business	1
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They clean up debris and bacteria, keeping the body healthy. In a business, macrophages would be responsible for cleaning up any messes or spills, and ensuring that the office remains sanitary.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to a business student.	ht	business	1
Macrophages can be thought of as the "clean up crew" of the body. They are responsible for clearing away debris and toxins, as well as attacking and destroying any foreign invaders that may enter the body. In a business setting, macrophages could be thought of as the employees who are responsible for keeping the workplace clean and organized. They remove clutter and waste products, ensuring that the work environment is safe and functional.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to a business student.	ht	business	1
A t-helper cell is like a human resources manager in a business. The human resources manager oversees the hiring process, ensuring that all new employees are qualified and meet the company's standards. Similarly, the t-helper cell oversees the activation of other immune cells, making sure they are properly equipped to fight off infection.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to a business student.	ht	business	1
Just as a company needs employees to carry out various tasks, the body needs t-helper cells to help fight infection and disease. The different types of t-helper cells are responsible for activating different parts of the immune system. Like a human resources department in a company, t-helper cells play an important role in coordinating the body's response to infection or disease.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to a business student.	ht	business	1
T-helper cells are like the human resources department of a business. They help to coordinate and manage all of the other types of cells in the body so that they can work together to fight infection or disease.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to a business student.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like the accountants of the immune system. They help to keep track of all of the different viruses and bacteria that are in the body, so that they can be targeted and destroyed if necessary.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to a business student.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like the sales force of a company. They are responsible for seeking out new customers and convincing them to buy the company's products. Once a customer is convinced, the b-lymphocyte will work to keep that customer happy by providing support and service.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to a business student.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like a company's customer service department. They help the body fight infection by producing antibodies that recognize and bind to specific antigens on the surface of bacteria, viruses, or other invaders.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the secret service of the immune system. They are responsible for identifying and destroying cells that have been infected or damaged by viruses, bacteria, or other toxins.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "special forces" of the immune system. They are highly specialized cells that are able to recognize and destroy cancer cells and other infected cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "terminators" of the immune system. They are responsible for finding and destroying cells that have been infected by viruses or other pathogens, such as cancer cells. In business terms, cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as the company's "elite strike force" - they are called in when a serious threat needs to be addressed quickly and decisively.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a business student.	ht	business	1
When a business expands into new markets, it is invading the territory of other businesses. The business may be successful in its invasion if it has a good product and an effective marketing strategy. Likewise, when bacteria invade a host cell, they are competing for resources with the host cells. If the bacteria are able to reproduce faster than the host cells, they will take over the cell and thrive.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to a business student.	ht	business	1
Just as bacteria can invade and take over an organism, companies can invade and take over a market. When a company enters into a new market, it is essentially invading that market. The company will attempt to establish itself by introducing its products or services and competing with the other companies in the area. If it is successful, the company may eventually dominate the market.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to a business student.	ht	business	1
One way to think of the invasion of bacteria is in terms of a business analogy. Imagine that your business is thriving, with customers coming in and spending money regularly. Suddenly, a rival company opens up shop right next door, offering the same products and services as you do but at a lower price. They start luring away your customers, who begin to disappear from your store altogether. This is what's happening when bacteria invade your body - they're competing for resources (such as nutrients and space) and taking away what's needed to keep you healthy.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to a business student.	ht	business	1
A business student might understand action potential if you explained it as an electrical signal that travels down a nerve fiber. This signal is created by the movement of positively charged ions into and out of the cell membrane. The action potential then causes the release of neurotransmitters, which relay messages to other cells.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to a business student.	ht	business	1
When the boss wants something done, he sends an email to his employees. This is analogous to the way a nerve cell transmits a signal. An action potential is like an email with a message that says "do this." The message is encoded in electrical and chemical signals that pass down the neuron's axon. When it reaches the end of the axon, it causes tiny packets of neurotransmitters to be released into the synapse. These neurotransmitters cross over to the next neuron and stimulate it to send an electric current down its own axon. This process continues until the message reaches its destination, or until enough neurons have been activated to produce a muscle contraction or some other response.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to a business student.	ht	business	1
An action potential is like a tiny electrical spark that travels down an axon, the long nerve fiber. This spark triggers the release of neurotransmitters, which then transmit signals to other cells in the body.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to a business student.	ht	business	1
Chromatography is like a funnel. The different colors of ink (representing different compounds) are poured into the top of the funnel, and as they flow through the chromatography paper, they separate based on their chemical properties. At the end of the chromatography paper, each color will be at a different spot, allowing you to see which compounds were in each color of ink.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to a business student.	ht	business	1
Extracting ink from a pen using chromatography is similar to extracting essential oils from plants using distillation. In both cases, the goal is to isolate a desired component from a complex mixture. The difference is that in chromatography, the desired component is dissolved in a liquid solvent, while in distillation it is vaporized.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to a business student.	ht	business	1
Chromatography is a laboratory technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is dissolved in a solvent, which is then passed through a column containing an adsorbent material. The different components of the mixture are adsorbed by the material at different rates, allowing them to be separated.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to a business student.	ht	business	0
A star’s lifespan can be described as its main sequence lifetime. This is the amount of time a star spends burning hydrogen in its core to create energy. The longer a star spends on the main sequence, the more stable it is and the longer it will live. A business student might understand this concept by analogy with a company’s lifecycle. A young startup is full of energy and promise, but may not have stability or longevity. A well-established company, on the other hand, has both stability and longevity thanks to its strong foundation and long history	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a business student.	ht	business	1
Stars on the main sequence have stable lifetimes because they are in a state of equilibrium. The business student can think of the main sequence as being similar to a company that is in a stable, profitable state. This company will continue to operate and make money as long as it remains in balance. However, if something happens to upset this balance (e.g., economic recession), the company may begin to lose money and eventually go out of business. In the same way, stars on the main sequence can "go out of business" if something happens to disrupt their equilibrium state.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a business student.	ht	business	1
A star's lifetime is determined by its mass. The higher the mass, the shorter the lifespan. A star in the main sequence has enough fuel to continue burning for billions of years. Once it exhausts its fuel, it dies and becomes a white dwarf, black hole, or neutron star.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a business student.	ht	business	0
Nucleus is the CEO of a company. He makes all the important decisions and oversees everything that goes on in the company. The other employees report to him and rely on him to make sure things are running smoothly.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to a business student.	ht	business	0
The nucleus of a business is the heart and soul. It is where all the important decisions are made and it drives the company forward. The nucleus consists of the CEO, CFO, and other key executives.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to a business student.	ht	business	1
Nucleus can be thought of as the “brain” of a business. It is the center of all decision-making and strategic planning, and it coordinates all operations within the company. The nucleus establishes goals and objectives for the business, sets policies and procedures, manages resources, and oversees day-to-day activities. In short, it is responsible for ensuring that the business runs smoothly and effectively.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are the protein factories of the cell. They take instructions from genes in DNA to create proteins, which are essential for life. Ribosomes work very much like a business, they receive orders (genes), produce a product (proteins) and then ship it out to where it is needed in the cell.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are the workers in a factory. The DNA is the blueprints for how the factory should be built. The ribosomes read the blueprints and then start building the factory according to those plans.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are the protein factories of the cell. They take the genetic code from DNA and turn it into proteins. Proteins are essential for all aspects of life, from photosynthesis to muscle contraction. In a business context, ribosomes could be thought of as the assembly line workers who create the products that keep a company running.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Golgi apparatus is to a business student as the mailroom is to an office. The golgi apparatus receives and processes information coming into the cell, while the mailroom delivers messages between employees in an office.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to a business student.	ht	business	1
The golgi apparatus can be thought of as the "mail room" of a business. It is responsible for sorting and delivering packages (proteins) to the correct destination within the cell.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like the post office for a business. It is responsible for receiving and sorting packages (or in this case, proteins). Once everything has been sorted, it sends the packages off to their final destinations (the different parts of the cell that need them).	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to a business student.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling plant of the cell. They digest old or damaged proteins and organelles, breaking them down into their component parts. These parts can then be reused to build new proteins and organelles. Lysosomes are important for keeping the cells healthy and functioning properly.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are the "recycling bin" of a cell - they break down proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids into their component parts so that the cell can reuse them. This is similar to how a business might recycle scrap metal or plastic to use again in manufacturing new products.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling plant of a business. They recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and sugars into new materials that can be used by the cell. This helps keep the cells healthy and functioning properly. Lysosomes also help digest food particles that enter the cell.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to a business student.	ht	business	1
A nuclear envelope is a membrane that surrounds the nucleus of a cell. It helps to protect the DNA inside the nucleus and also helps to control what molecules can enter or leave the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to a business student.	ht	business	0
The nuclear envelope is like the walls of a business. It separates the inside of the business from the outside world and protects what's inside. The nuclear envelope surrounds the nucleus, which is like the heart of the business. The nucleus contains all of the important information about how the business works.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to a business student.	ht	business	1
The nuclear envelope is analogous to the walls of a building. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane, that surround the nucleus. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm while the inner membrane surrounds the nucleus. Just as a building has an outer wall and an inner wall, the nuclear envelope has an outer membrane and an inner membrane.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a container in the cell that stores waste products. The business student can think of this as analogous to a trash can in an office. The vacuoles help keep the cells clean and organized.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage room in a business. It is a place where things can be stored until they are needed.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to a business student.	ht	business	1
In a business, sometimes there is too much inventory or too many employees. These "extra" things take up space and can be cumbersome. Vacuoles are like these extra things in a business- they take up space and can be cumbersome. Just as businesses need to find ways to get rid of excess inventory or employees, cells must find ways to get rid of their vacuoles.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to a business student.	ht	business	1
Cytoplasm can be thought of as the raw materials and resources used by a business to produce goods or services. The cytoplasm contains all of the necessary components for DNA replication, gene expression, protein synthesis, and many other cellular processes. It is constantly in motion as organelles move about within it, and it is also responsible for supplying nutrients and oxygen to the cell's nucleus and other parts.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to a business student.	ht	business	1
Cytoplasm is like the employees of a business. The nucleus is the boss and the cytoplasm are the workers who do all of the work to keep things running.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "lifeblood" of a cell - it is the substance within cells that contains organelles and allows chemical reactions to take place. In the business world, cytoplasm can be seen as the essential element or foundation upon which a company is built. It represents all of the resources, processes, and people involved in running the company. Just as cells cannot function without cytoplasm, businesses cannot operate effectively without a strong cytoplasmic foundation.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to a business student.	ht	business	1
Chromosomes are like the blueprints for a business. They contain all of the information needed to build and run the business.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to a business student.	ht	business	1
A chromosome is like a computer hard drive. It stores all of the genetic information for a particular organism.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to a business student.	ht	business	1
Chromosomes can be thought of as the blueprints for a business. They contain all of the information necessary to build the business, including the name, logo, and structure.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytosol is like the water in a fish tank. The cells are like the fish and the proteins are like the plants and decorations in the tank. The cytosol provides a place for the cells to live and it also helps to keep them healthy.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytosol is the liquid inside of a cell. It contains all of the cellular machinery needed to keep the cell alive and functioning. The cytosol also contains proteins and other molecules that allow cells to communicate with each other and interact with their environment.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to a business student.	ht	business	0
Cytosol is like the blood in our veins. It carries nutrients and oxygen to all of the cells in our body, allowing them to function properly. In a business analogy, cytosol would be like the sales department. It is responsible for getting products (nutrients and oxygen) to all of the other departments (the cells), so that they can do their jobs effectively.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to a business student.	ht	business	1
The cell is the basic unit of life. It is the smallest living thing and can only be seen with a microscope. Cells come together to form tissues, which in turn make up organs. Tissues and organs work together to carry out the functions of the body.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to a business student.	ht	business	0
A cell is like a small business. It has its own workers, resources, and products. Cells also work together to create larger organisms. Just as businesses compete with each other for customers and resources, cells compete with each other for space and nutrients inside the organism.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell is a basic unit of life. It is the smallest living thing that can exist on its own. Cells are found in all living things, from plants to animals.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to a business student.	ht	business	0
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold things. It is like a tiny bag that can be filled with something and then released. Vesicles are often used to release drugs or other medicines into the body.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to a business student.	ht	business	1
Vesicles can be thought of as small, enclosed spaces within a cell that are used to store and transport molecules. Similar to how a business might use different departments (marketing, accounting, human resources) to manage different aspects of their company, vesicles help cells compartmentalize their functions. For example, vesicles in the cytoplasm might contain proteins that are needed for cell division, while others might carry lipids or carbohydrates.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to a business student.	ht	business	1
A vesicle is a small, round container that can hold chemicals or other substances. It is similar to a capsule but is smaller in size. Vesicles are used by the body to deliver nutrients and other important substances to cells. They can also be used to remove waste products from cells.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to a business student.	ht	business	1
Cell wall can be analogized to a business’s financial statement. Just as the cell wall is the boundary of the cell, a company’s financial statement is the boundary of what information is available to its shareholders and creditors. The cell wall consists of proteins and carbohydrates that give the cell strength and rigidity, similar to how a company’s assets protect it from liabilities. Finally, just as cells communicate with one another through chemical signals, businesses interact with each other through economic signals.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell wall is like a security system for a business. It helps to keep out intruders and protect the businesses' property. The cell wall is also necessary for the business to function properly, just as a security system is necessary for a safe workplace.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to a business student.	ht	business	1
Cell wall can be thought of as a company's firewall. It is a barrier that helps protect the company from unauthorized access and cyber attacks. Like a firewall, cell wall also helps keep the company's data and systems secure.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to a business student.	ht	business	1
Cells are like the individual employees in a business. Just as each employee has a specific job to do, each cell has a specific function within the body. Cells work together to keep the business running smoothly.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to a business student.	ht	business	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as businesses are made up of smaller parts (employees, departments, etc.), cells are made up of smaller parts (proteins, DNA, etc.). Cells work together to create something larger and more complex - just as businesses work together to create something larger and more complex.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to a business student.	ht	business	1
The body of a business is like the cells in the human body. The cells are the basic unit that make up the body. In the same way, businesses are made up of smaller units called departments. Just as each cell has specific functions within the human body, each department in a business has a specific function.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to a business student.	ht	business	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a protective barrier that separates the inner contents of a cell from the outside environment. It is made up of a lipid bilayer, which is composed of two layers of lipids (fats) that are held together by weak chemical bonds. The lipids in the membrane are arranged so that their hydrophobic (water-repelling) tails face inward and their hydrophilic (water-attracting) heads face outward. This arrangement helps to keep water and other molecules out of the cell while allowing essential nutrients and oxygen to enter.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to a business student.	ht	business	1
Just as a business needs walls to keep its employees and products inside, a cell also has boundaries. The cell membrane is the equivalent of those walls for a cell. It is made up of proteins and lipids (fats) that form a barrier around the cells. This barrier helps to control what goes in and out of the cells, allowing only certain things to pass through.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to a business student.	ht	business	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as the "border" or "gatekeeper" of the cell. It is a thin layer of lipid (fat) and protein molecules that surrounds the cell and acts as a barrier, allowing some things into the cell while keeping other things out. The proteins in the membrane are responsible for recognizing and binding to specific molecules (such as nutrients or toxins), which allows or denies them access to the cell.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to a business student.	ht	business	1
The golgi body can be thought of as the business student's "office." It is a site within the cell where proteins are modified and sorted before being sent to their final destination. Just as a good office manager ensures that everything is organized and running smoothly, the golgi body helps to ensure that proteins are properly modified and delivered to where they need to go.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to a business student.	ht	business	1
Golgi body is the equivalent of a company's shipping and receiving department. It is responsible for packaging and sending products (proteins) created by the ribosomes to their correct destinations (cellular membranes).	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi body can be thought of as the "mailroom" of a business. It is responsible for receiving and sorting packages (or proteins) from different parts of the company, and then sending them on to their appropriate destinations.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to a business student.	ht	business	1
When two objects are placed near each other, an electric field forms between them. The strength of this electric field is determined by the capacitance of the objects. Capacitance is a measure of how much energy can be stored in the electric field.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to a business student.	ht	business	0
A capacitor is like a container of water. The more water that is in the container, the more weight it has. Just like with capacitance, the more electrons that are stored in the capacitor, the more weight it has.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to a business student.	ht	business	1
A capacitor is a device that can store an electric charge. It does this by having two metal plates separated by an insulating material. When you apply a voltage to the capacitor, it will start to fill up with electricity. The more voltage you apply, the more charge it will hold.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to a business student.	ht	business	0
Electric current is like the flow of water in a river. Just as the water flows downstream and has a certain amount of power, electric current flows through wires and devices to provide power.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to a business student.	ht	business	1
Electric current is the flow of electrons through a conductor, similar to the way water flows through a pipe. Just as businesses need a steady supply of water to function, they also need a steady supply of electricity to function.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to a business student.	ht	business	1
Electric current is like the flow of water in a river. Just as the amount of water flowing through a river depends on the size of the river and how much water is flowing into it, so too does the amount of electric current depend on the size of the wire and how much voltage is applied to it.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to a business student.	ht	business	1
Voltage can be thought of as the pressure or force that makes electricity flow. Just like water needs a certain amount of pressure to flow through a pipe, electricity needs voltage (or electrical pressure) to move along wires and devices. Think of voltage as the power behind your electronics—the higher the voltage, the more powerful the current.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to a business student.	ht	business	1
Voltage is like the amount of pressure that is needed to make water flow through a pipe. Voltage is what makes electricity move through power lines, and it's what your electronic gadgets use to work. Just as you need a certain water pressure (voltage) in order for the water to flow at all, you need a certain voltage in order for electricity to flow at all.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to a business student.	ht	business	1
In business, voltage can be thought of as power or energy. Just as in an electrical circuit, a higher voltage means more power or energy is available to do work. For example, a 100-volt lightbulb will be brighter than a 10-volt lightbulb. Similarly, businesses need more voltage (or power) to run larger operations with more employees and equipment.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to a business student.	ht	business	1
Just as a business needs to specialize in order to produce a good or service, cells need to specialize in order to carry out the many functions of life. In addition, businesses need to communicate with each other in order to coordinate their activities; likewise, cells use communication signals to relay information between different parts of the cell. By working together, businesses can produce things that they could never create on their own, and cells can carry out complex tasks by using the specialized abilities of different parts of the cell.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to a business student.	ht	business	1
In a business, specialization is when different employees are responsible for different tasks. For example, one person might be in charge of accounting, another might be in charge of marketing, and so on. Communication happens when employees share information with each other in order to make sure that everyone is on the same page. This can happen verbally or through written memos or emails.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to a business student.	ht	business	0
In a business, specialization is when workers are assigned specific tasks to complete in order to produce the company's product. Communication is necessary for workers to be able to relay information and instructions to one another so that they can all work together efficiently. In a cell, specialization refers to different parts of the cell performing specific functions (such as producing energy or proteins) in order for the cell to survive. Communication between cells allows them to share resources and coordinate their activities.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to a business student.	ht	business	1
Kirchhoff's voltage law is a business student analogy for the conservation of energy principle in physics. Just as businesses need to conserve resources (money, manpower, etc.) to be successful, so too must electrical circuits conserve energy. The law states that the sum of voltages around a closed loop in an electrical circuit is zero. This means that the amount of energy entering one part of a circuit must equal the amount leaving that part of the circuit.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to a business student.	ht	business	1
Kirchoff's Voltage Law states that the sum of all voltages in a closed circuit is zero. To put it more simply, the law states that electricity always flows in one direction through a circuit and that there is no build-up of voltage or current. This law is important for business students because it helps to understand how electrical circuits work and how they can be used to power machines or appliances.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to a business student.	ht	business	0
Just as in a business, the flow of electricity (voltage) is important in a circuit. In order to keep the voltage consistent and organized, Kirchoff's Voltage Law states that the sum of all voltages in a closed loop must be zero. This law helps ensure that there isn't too much or too little voltage running through different parts of a circuit, which could damage components or create an unsafe situation.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to a business student.	ht	business	1
A density wave is a type of ripple that travels through a medium. The wave can be caused by something moving through the medium, such as a boat passing through water, or it can be generated by an outside force, such as wind blowing across the surface of the water. The waves created by movement are known as primary waves, while those created by outside forces are called secondary waves.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to a business student.	ht	business	0
A density wave is like a crowd of people walking through a doorway. The people in the front are moving quickly, and the people in the back are moving more slowly. As new people enter the front of the crowd, they push old people towards the back.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to a business student.	ht	business	1
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a park. As more and more people join the wave, the space between each person becomes smaller.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like the workforce of a business. They are responsible for completing all the tasks that allow the business to run smoothly. Enzymes help break down food, process waste, and create energy so that the business can function properly. Without enzymes, the business would not be able to operate.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzymes can be thought of as the "workers" of the body. They are responsible for chemical reactions throughout the body, including converting food into energy. Just like a business needs workers to do different tasks in order to function, the body needs enzymes to help with all sorts of chemical reactions.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like small machines that help to speed up chemical reactions in the body. In business, enzymes would be like a tool that helps to make things run more smoothly and quickly.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Human active memory system can be compared to a computer’s RAM. Just as computer RAM holds data that is currently being used by the processor, human active memory stores information that is currently being accessed or thought about. The contents of human active memory are constantly changing as new information is added and old information is forgotten or discarded. Like a computer, humans can only retain a limited amount of information in active memory at any given time.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to a business student.	ht	business	1
The human active memory system can be compared to a computer's random-access memory (RAM). The RAM is where the computer temporarily stores data that is currently being used. The more RAM you have, the more data your computer can store at one time. Similarly, the more active memory you have, the more information you can store in your mind at one time. Just like a computer, if you try to store too much information in your active memory, it will become cluttered and difficult to access. To keep your active memory clear and organized, it is important to regularly review and discard old information.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to a business student.	ht	business	1
Active Memory is like a computer’s RAM. It is where we store the things that we are currently working on. The more active memory you have, the more you can do at once. Just like with a computer, if you don’t have enough RAM, your performance will suffer.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to a business student.	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step is the slowest step in a reaction. This is important for businesses because it means that if they want to speed up a reaction, they need to focus on speeding up the rate-determining step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a business student.	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. The rate-determining step determines how fast a reaction will take place. In business, understanding the rate-determining step can help you determine how quickly you can expect a project to be completed.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a business student.	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. It is the step that determines how fast a reaction will occur. For example, if you are baking cookies, the rate-determining step is when the dough goes into the oven. The cookies will not be done until the oven cooks them for long enough.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a business student.	ht	business	1
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate mixtures of compounds. A column is packed with a solid material, such as silica gel or alumina, and the mixture is poured over the top. The compounds in the mixture will move through the column at different rates, depending on their size, shape, and polarity. The most polar molecules will move fastest while the least polar molecules will move slowest. At the end of the column, each compound will be separated into its own individual container.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to a business student.	ht	business	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to purify substances by separating them into their component parts. The purified substances can then be isolated and used in various applications, such as in the production of pharmaceuticals or other commercial products.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to a business student.	ht	business	0
Column chromatography is the process of separating a mixture into its individual parts through the use of a column filled with silica gel or alumina. The different components in the mixture travel down the column at different speeds, allowing them to be separated.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to a business student.	ht	business	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium can be thought of as a business that is always in balance. No matter what actions are taken by the business, it will eventually return to a state of equilibrium where income and expenses are equal. In the same way, chemical reactions always reach a point where the concentrations of reactants and products are constant.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student.	ht	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium can be explained as a business analogy with two companies, A and B. Company A starts out with more customers (reactants) than company B. Over time, company B catches up to company A in terms of number of customers. However, even though the number of customers is equal, company A continues to generate more sales revenue than company B because it has more customers. This analogy represents dynamic chemical equilibrium because at any given moment the number of reactants and products are equal, but over time the reactant population will change as new products are formed.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student.	ht	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a business that is always making money, but it also spends money. The business makes a profit by taking in more money than it spends. In the same way, dynamic chemical equilibrium takes in reactants (molecules that can start a reaction) and produces products (molecules formed as a result of the reaction), but it also uses up some of the reactants to produce the products.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage locker in a business. It is used to store things that are not needed right now, but may be needed in the future.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage closet in your business. It's a place to store things until you need them.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage container in the cell. It can store water, food, and other materials.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to a business student.	ht	business	1
In business, a transport vesicle would be like a UPS truck. It transports goods from one place to another. The goods are placed inside the truck and transported to their destination.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to a business student.	ht	business	1
A business student might understand transport vesicles if they think of them as small trucks that carry goods from one part of a city to another. The trucks (transport vesicles) are filled with the goods (molecules or proteins) and drive around until they reach their destination.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to a business student.	ht	business	1
A business student may understand transport vesicles if they are explained using an analogy. Transport vesicles can be thought of as small, enclosed cars that carry goods from one part of a city to another. The goods are loaded into the car at one location and then driven to the desired destination. Once there, the car is unloaded and its contents are delivered. This analogy can help explain how transport vesicles work in cells: materials (the goods) are transported from one place in the cell to another by way of these small, enclosed vehicles.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to a business student.	ht	business	1
A proto-oncogene is like a new product in the early stages of development at a company. It may have potential, but it has not been fully tested yet. Oncogenes are like products that have been on the market for a while and have proven to be successful.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Proto-oncogenes can be thought of as "early warning signals" in the cell. They are like a businessperson's early indicators that something may be wrong, such as an increase in spending or a decrease in profits. If proto-oncogenes are ignored, they may lead to cancerous tumors. In the same way, if a business ignores its early warning signs, it may end up filing for bankruptcy.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the seed of a plant. The proto-oncogene is the beginning of a cancerous tumor. It is not cancerous by itself, but it has the potential to become cancerous if it mutates and starts to grow out of control.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to a business student.	ht	business	1
An oncogene is a gene that, when mutated, can cause cancer. It is like a business executive who, when corrupted, can lead the company into bankruptcy. The oncogene is the root of the problem and needs to be controlled in order to prevent cancer from developing.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Like oncogenes, businesses can be either healthy or unhealthy. A healthy business is one that is profitable and growing. An unhealthy business is one that is losing money and/or shrinking in size. Oncogenes are genes that can cause cancer when they are mutated. Similarly, an unhealthy business can be said to have a "cancer" of sorts, which refers to the problems (e.g., financial losses, layoffs) that arise as a result of the company's poor health.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Oncogenes are genes that can cause cancer. They are like a business that is doing very well and is making a lot of money. This business is growing rapidly and is becoming more successful every day. However, this business also has the potential to become dangerous if it is not managed properly.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes can be thought of as the "quality control" department in a business. They are responsible for making sure that cells grow and divide normally, without any mistakes. If something goes wrong (for example, if a cell starts dividing too quickly), the tumor suppressor genes will step in and try to fix the problem.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes can be thought of as the "police force" of the body. They help to prevent tumors from forming by repairing damaged DNA and stopping cancer cells from growing and dividing.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to a business student.	ht	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep cancer from developing by slowing down or stopping the growth of tumors.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to a business student.	ht	business	1
If you think of software as a bridge, then brittle software would be one that is easily damaged and cannot withstand much pressure. It might break when people step on it or when it's hit by a car. In comparison, robust software would be like a sturdy bridge that can handle heavy traffic and lots of pedestrians without breaking.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to a business student.	ht	business	1
Brittle software is like a block of ice. It may look strong and durable from a distance, but it’s actually quite fragile. If you try to handle it too roughly or use too much force, it will break apart. In the same way, brittle software can be easily damaged by even minor errors or changes in its environment.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to a business student.	ht	business	1
Brittle software is like an old, rusty car. It was once reliable but now it's prone to breaking down with little warning. The company that created it has long since gone out of business, so there's no one to fix it.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to a business student.	ht	business	1
Resonance hybrid is very similar to a normal hybrid car. They both use two different forms of energy to power the car. A resonance hybrid, like a regular hybrid car, uses gasoline and electricity. The gasoline powers the car when it is started, and then once it is going, the electric motor takes over. This helps save on gas because you are not using as much gas to run the engine.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to a business student.	ht	business	1
A resonance hybrid is a molecule that is made up of atoms from more than one element. The atoms are held together by chemical bonds. The different types of atom in the molecules can be in different states, called energy levels. When a molecule is formed, the atoms will all try to get into the lowest energy state possible. This means that some of the atoms may have to change their state. In a resonance hybrid, there are more than one way for the atoms to get into the lowest energy state. This means that there are more than one way for the molecule to bond together.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to a business student.	ht	business	0
A resonance hybrid is a molecule that is composed of two or more atoms that are held together by covalent bonds. These atoms can be different elements, and they will share one or more pairs of electrons to form the bond. The molecules will have a stable configuration when all of the electron pairs are shared equally between the atoms. However, if an atom has more than eight electrons in its outer shell, it will attempt to share them with another atom in order to achieve a stable configuration. This process is called resonance. When this occurs, the electron pairs will move around until they are evenly distributed among all of the atoms involved in the resonance hybrid.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to a business student.	ht	business	0
The wave mechanical model is similar to the way waves travel through water. Just as a wave in the ocean can cause a ripple of movement that travels away from where it began, an electron in an atom can create a "ripple" of motion that spreads out through the atom.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to a business student.	ht	business	1
In the wave mechanical model, particles are seen as waves that travel through a medium. The wavelength is the distance between two consecutive peaks in the wave, and the frequency is how many waves pass by in a given amount of time. This model can be used to help explain how molecules move and interact with each other.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to a business student.	ht	business	0
The wave-mechanical model of a molecule is analogous to the vibrational modes of a violin string. Just as different strings on a violin can be plucked to produce different notes, so too can the various molecular vibrations be excited to produce different spectral lines.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to a business student.	ht	business	1
The electroencephalogram is a brain scan that records the electrical activity of your brain. This information can be used to diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures or tumors.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to a business student.	ht	business	0
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity in your brain. This activity can be used to help diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures or tumors.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to a business student.	ht	business	0
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity in your brain. This test can help doctors find out if you have any problems with your brain, such as a seizure disorder.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to a business student.	ht	business	0
DNA replication can be thought of as a business process that produces multiple copies of an original document. The DNA molecule is the original document, and the individual strands of DNA are each copy. The process of DNA replication begins when an enzyme called helicase unwinds the double helix into two single strands. Another enzyme, polymerase, then joins new nucleotides to the exposed bases on each strand, creating two identical copies of the original DNA molecule.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA replication can be described as the process of creating an exact copy of a DNA molecule. The business student analogy would be making two copies of a document - one for the file cabinet and one for your desk.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a process in which a company makes an exact copy of its own business records. The original set of business documents is used to create two identical sets of records. This ensures that the company has an accurate backup if anything happens to the original set of documents.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to a business student.	ht	business	1
Rna transcription is the process of creating rna molecules from dna. This process is similar to how a business creates products from raw materials. The dna is like the raw material, and the rna is like the product that is created.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to a business student.	ht	business	1
Rna transcription is the process of making a copy of a gene's rna sequence. This can be done by using an enzyme called reverse transcriptase to create a complementary dna (cDNA) molecule from the rna template. The cDNA can then be used to make a protein	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to a business student.	ht	business	0
RNA transcription can be thought of as the process of making a copy of a document. The original document is represented by the DNA sequence, and the copy is represented by the RNA sequence.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to a business student.	ht	business	1
In business, it is important to have a clear understanding of the goals that need to be achieved and the steps that are necessary in order to achieve them. Just as with any process, there needs to be a plan in place for translating protein sequences into functioning proteins. The first step is assembling the correct set of genetic instructions (the mRNA sequence) which will dictate how the new protein should look. Once this has been determined, special enzymes called ribosomes can start reading the sequence and building the new protein molecule one amino acid at a time. Like putting together a puzzle, each piece must fit perfectly in order for the chain to be complete. If something goes wrong along the way, it could lead to defective or improperly functioning proteins.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to a business student.	ht	business	1
Protein translation is similar to a business process. The genetic code in DNA is like the business plan, and the ribosomes are like the factory workers who turn that plan into a product. The mRNA is like the assembly instructions, telling the workers which parts to use and how to put them together.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to a business student.	ht	business	1
A protein is like a sentence. The mRNA is like the text that the sentence is written in. The ribosomes are like the printers, and the proteins are like the final product that comes out of the printer.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to a business student.	ht	business	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a group of businesses that interact with one another to create a product or service. The businesses in the ecosystem might produce components for the product or service, market the finished product or service, and/or support the businesses involved in other ways. In order for the ecosystem to work effectively, each business must play its part and cooperate with the others.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to a business student.	ht	business	1
An ecosystem is like a business. It has many different parts that all work together to create something larger than the sum of its individual parts. The different parts of an ecosystem include producers, consumers, and decomposers. Producers are like businesses that create products or services. Consumers are like customers who buy products or services from producers. And decomposers are like employees who recycle unused materials back into the system. Just as in a business, each part of an ecosystem plays an important role in keeping it functioning properly.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to a business student.	ht	business	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a stable, self-regulating web of relationships between the living things in an area and their physical environment. The sun provides energy to all life on Earth, while water and air are essential for life. Plants use sunlight to produce food through photosynthesis, which animals eat or consume. Decomposers break down dead plants and animals, providing nutrients that recycle back into the ecosystem. In this way, everything is connected in an intricate balance that sustains life. Businesses can think of themselves as ecosystems too – they have inputs (resources), outputs (products/services), customers, and employees that interact with each other to create something larger than the sum of its parts. Like natural ecosystems, businesses must find a balance among these different elements or they will not survive over time.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to a business student.	ht	business	1
As an action potential travels down a neuron, it is similar to how word-of-mouth spreads through a business. The action potential starts with a small group of people (nerve cells) and as it spreads, the message becomes louder and more intense. Eventually, the entire company (or brain) knows about the initial message.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a business student.	ht	business	1
When an action potential is generated at the nerve cell body, it travels down the axon to the synaptic terminals. There, it causes neurotransmitters to be released into the synapse. These neurotransmitters cross the synaptic gap and bind to receptors on the next neuron, causing another action potential. This process continues until the message reaches its target muscle or organ.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a business student.	ht	business	0
The action potential is like an electric current that travels down a neuron. The business student would be like the battery, providing the energy for the current to flow. The action potential starts at the cell body and travels down the axon to the synapse. At the synapse, it causes neurotransmitters to release from the presynaptic neuron into the synaptic cleft. The neurotransmitters then bind to receptors on the postsynaptic neuron, causing it to generate its own action potentials.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a business student.	ht	business	1
The frog's breathing mechanism is a little different from humans. They use their skin to take in oxygen and release carbon dioxide. This means that they need to be in water or moist environments for their skin to work properly. When they are out of the water, they will breathe through their mouths like we do.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a business student.	ht	business	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to a business student's breathing mechanism. The frog takes in oxygen through its lungs and then circulates the oxygenated blood throughout its body. The business student takes in oxygen through his or her nose and mouth, and then circulates the oxygenated blood throughout his or her body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a business student.	ht	business	1
When you breathe in, your lungs take in oxygen from the air. The oxygen is then transported throughout your body via your bloodstream. When you breathe out, carbon dioxide from your blood is released back into the air. Frogs have a similar breathing mechanism; when they inhale, their lungs absorb oxygen from the water and when they exhale, carbon dioxide is released back into the water.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a business student.	ht	business	1
Layered architecture is like a layer cake. The bottom layer is the foundation and it supports the rest of the layers. The next layer is made up of the framework and it provides basic functionality for the application. Next are the business components, which provide specific features for the application. Finally, there are the user interface components, which allow users to interact with the application.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to a business student.	ht	business	1
A layered architecture is a way of organizing computer systems so that the most important elements are at the top and the least important elements are at the bottom. This way, if something goes wrong with one element of the system, it doesn't take down the whole system. The different layers in a layered architecture can be described as follows: The presentation layer is responsible for displaying information to users. The business logic layer handles all of the business rules and calculations. The data access layer provides access to the underlying database. And finally, the database layer stores all of the data used by the application.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to a business student.	ht	business	0
A layered architecture is like an onion. It has many layers, each one protecting the ones beneath it. The outermost layer is the most visible, but the inner layers are where the real work happens. In a business context, this would mean that the top layer is what customers see and interact with, while the underlying layers are responsible for things like processing transactions and managing inventory.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to a business student.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is a chemical in a reaction that becomes exhausted first, and thus limits the amount of product that can be formed. An excess reactant is a chemical in a reaction that is not used up by the reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student.	ht	business	0
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in a company. It is the ingredient or component that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be made. An excess reactant is like extra resources that a company has on hand. It's not necessary for making the product, but it can help speed up the process.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student.	ht	business	1
If a business is overproducing, it is using up more resources than are available. The limiting reactant is the resource that's being used up at the fastest rate, while the excess reactant is the resource that's not being used up as quickly.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student.	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a company. The nucleus is the CEO, the mitochondria are the workers, and the cytoplasm is the office space.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to a business student.	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a business. It has a CEO, managers, workers, and customers. The CEO is the nucleus and the managers are the organelles. The workers are the cytoplasm and the customers are the mitochondria.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to a business student.	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a small business. The nucleus is the CEO, the mitochondria are the accountants, and the cytoplasm is the office space.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to a business student.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell can be compared to a small business. Just as the business has an owner, employees, and customers, the prokaryotic cell has a genetic material (the owner), proteins that carry out its functions (employees), and other molecules necessary for life such as water and oxygen (customers). The genes in the genetic material direct the production of proteins, which allow the cell to grow, divide, and respond to its environment.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to a business student.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It has all of the basic components that are necessary for it to function, including a boss (the nucleus), workers (ribosomes), and customers (molecules that need to be transported into or out of the cell). Like any good business, the prokaryotic cell strives to be efficient and productive, using its resources wisely in order to survive and grow.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to a business student.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple and easy to manage, has a limited amount of resources, and can only do a few things.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to a business student.	ht	business	1
An operating system kernel can be likened to the engine of a car. It is the component that performs all of the low-level tasks required to keep the vehicle running, such as starting and stopping the engine, controlling fuel intake, and managing gears. In much the same way, an operating system kernel manages core functions on a computer, such as memory allocation, process management, and file systems. While it may not be directly visible to users, the kernel is essential for ensuring that a computer runs smoothly and efficiently.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to a business student.	ht	business	1
Operating systems kernels are like the brains of a computer. They control how information is processed and handled by the system. In business, this would be equivalent to managing resources and handling communication between different parts of the company.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to a business student.	ht	business	1
An operating system kernel is like the engine of a car. It provides basic functions that all other parts of the car rely on, such as turning the wheels and getting power to the engine. The kernel also manages resources, such as memory and CPU time, and ensures that different parts of the software can work together.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to a business student.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is a chemical that limits the quantity of product that can be formed in a chemical reaction. For example, imagine you are a business student and want to start a new company. You will need some money to get started, but you also need someone to help you run your business. If you have only $500 to start your company, then the money is the limiting reactant - it will limit how much you can do with your new business.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to a business student.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is the reactant in a chemical reaction that is used up first. The other reactants continue toreact until they are all used up. In business, a limiting reactant is like a limitedresource. Once it's gone, the company can't produce any more of that product.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to a business student.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is the amount of a reactant that determines how much product can be formed. In other words, it's the amount of a particular chemical that will determine how much of another chemical can be produced. For example, if you have two businesses and one has twice as many workers as the other, then the first business is using up its limiting reactant faster and will produce less product than the second business.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to a business student.	ht	business	1
Just as a helicase enzyme unwinds the twisted DNA strands to create replication, a business must also unravel the complexities of its organization in order to grow. The helicase enzyme is responsible for unzipping and separating the two DNA strands. In the same way, a business must identify its key areas of operation and focus on expanding these aspects in order to achieve growth.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to a business student.	ht	business	1
 helicase is like the worker who cleans the windows of a building. They use a long, thin brush to clean the glass from top to bottom. Helicase uses its 'brush' to unwind DNA so that it can be copied accurately.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to a business student.	ht	business	1
Helicase is a protein that helps chromosomes separate during cell division. It can be likened to the business student's favorite office tool - scissors. Just as scissors make it easy for her to cut through paper, helicase makes it easy for chromosomes to split apart.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA replication binding proteins are like the human resources department of a business. They make sure that everyone has what they need to do their job and that everything is running smoothly.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to a business student.	ht	business	1
Replication binding proteins are like the managers of a business. They make sure everything is running smoothly and that all the necessary tasks are completed. They also keep track of the company's resources and make sure they are used efficiently.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the glue that holds DNA together. These proteins help to keep the strands of DNA stable and in place while they are being copied. They also play a role in ensuring that the correct copies of DNA are created during replication.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is the enzyme responsible for ligating, or joining, pieces of DNA. In business terms, it would be similar to the glue that binds different parts of a company together, making it stronger and more efficient.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ligase is a protein that helps create covalent bonds between DNA strands. It does this by joining pieces of DNA together, creating what is called a "phosphodiester bond." This process helps to keep the genetic information in cells organized and stable. In business terms, ligase can be thought of as a "bonding agent" that helps keep things together.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ligase is the enzyme that helps to create a covalent bond between two DNA strands. In business, ligase can be thought of as the glue that holds things together and keeps them running smoothly.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to a business student.	ht	business	1
A process control block (PCB) is a collection of data that helps to ensure the quality of a product or service. The PCB contains information about the input and output parameters of a manufacturing or business process, as well as the tolerances for each parameter. By tracking the performance of each step in the process against these tolerances, it is possible to identify and correct any deviations from desired outputs.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to a business student.	ht	business	0
A process control block is like an air traffic controller for a busy airport. The controller manages the flow of planes coming in and out of the airport, ensuring that there are no collisions. Similarly, a process control block oversees the execution of a business process, ensuring that all steps are completed without errors.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to a business student.	ht	business	1
A control block is like a traffic light. It helps regulate the flow of information and keep everything organized.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to a business student.	ht	business	1
Encoding a message is like putting it in a locked box. Only the person who has the key can unlock and read the message. The encoding process makes it difficult for someone else to figure out what the message says.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to a business student.	ht	business	1
Message encoding is the process of transforming a message into a format that can be transmitted over a communication channel. The message is first divided into blocks, and each block is assigned a code. The codes are then transmitted in sequence over the communication channel. At the receiving end, the codes are transformed back into blocks, and the blocks are assembled into the original message.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to a business student.	ht	business	0
Messages can be thought of as packages that are sent from one person to another. The package may contain anything the sender wishes, such as a letter, a gift, or money. To send the package, the sender needs to put it in an envelope and address it to the recipient. Inside the envelope, the sender also needs to include postage so that the package can be delivered.Just like mailing a package, sending a message requires encoding it in a specific format so that it can be understood by the recipient. In business contexts, this usually means translating clear and concise language into abbreviations, acronyms, and code words that are commonly used within that industry or company. Doing this ensures that all employees are speaking the same language when discussing various topics and projects.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to a business student.	ht	business	1
Drugs and receptor sites interact in a manner similar to that of two business people negotiating the sale of a product. The drug is the product being offered, while the receptor site is the potential customer. In order for there to be an effective interaction, both parties must be willing to communicate and reach an agreement. The drug must attach itself to the receptor site in order to exert its effects, just as the seller must make an offer that is acceptable to the buyer. If either party is unwilling or unable to participate in this exchange, then no transaction will take place.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student.	ht	business	1
Receptor sites are like employees in a business. The drugs are like the customers that come into the store. The more customers that come into the store, the busier the employees get. The more active the receptor site is, the more likely it is to bind with a drug molecule.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student.	ht	business	1
If you think of receptors as being like locks on a door, then drugs can be thought of as keys. The drug is the key that unlocks the receptor site so that it can do its job. In order for the drug to work properly, it needs to fit into the receptor site perfectly like a key in a lock. If the drug doesn't fit quite right, it may not unlock the receptor and thus won't have any effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student.	ht	business	1
A computer monitor is like a television screen. It displays pictures and text that have been sent from the computer's central processing unit (CPU).	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to a business student.	ht	business	1
A monitor is a device that outputs an image on a television screen. It allows you to see what is happening on your computer, whether you are working in a word processing program or playing a game.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to a business student.	ht	business	0
A monitor is like a television for a computer. It displays the information on the screen.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to a business student.	ht	business	1
The cpu can be thought of as the brain of the computer. It is responsible for processing all of the data that is input into the system. This includes tasks such as calculating sums, checking email, and loading websites. The more powerful the cpu, the faster it will be able to complete these tasks.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to a business student.	ht	business	1
The cpu is the "brain" of the computer. It processes all the instructions that are given to it by software programs and sends them to other parts of the computer where they are executed. The cpu can be thought of as a "worker" in a factory - it takes instructions from management (the software programs) and carries out those instructions, producing the desired result.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to a business student.	ht	business	1
A CPU is like the engine in a car. It's what makes the car go. The faster the engine, the faster the car goes. CPUs have gotten faster and faster over time, just like engines have.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to a business student.	ht	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the "backbone" of a computer. It is a printed circuit board that contains the central processing unit (CPU), memory, chipset, and various other components. The motherboard provides the electrical connections between these components, as well as connecting to input/output devices such as monitors, keyboards and mice, USB ports, etc.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to a business student.	ht	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the essential components of a computer, such as the central processing unit (CPU), memory, and input/output (I/O) ports. The motherboard also determines the capabilities and features of the computer. For example, if you want to add extra features to your computer, like an additional hard drive or video card, you will need to get one that has enough expansion slots on the motherboard.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to a business student.	ht	business	1
A motherboard in a computer is similar to the foundation of a house. It is a large, flat circuit board that everything else connects to. The CPU, memory, graphics card, and other important components plug into the motherboard.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ram is like a computer's Random Access Memory, or RAM. It is a type of storage that allows information to be accessed quickly. This makes it ideal for tasks that require a lot of processing power, such as gaming or editing video footage.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ram can be seen as a type of computer memory. It is used to store data that is currently being processed by the CPU. This allows the CPU to access the data quickly, which improves performance.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to a business student.	ht	business	0
Ram is a type of computer memory that can be read and written to very quickly. This makes it ideal for tasks such as loading the operating system or programs into memory, where they can be accessed more rapidly than if they were stored on slower forms of storage such as a hard disk drive.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to a business student.	ht	business	0
A power supply unit (PSU) is a component of a computer system that supplies electric power to the system. The PSU converts AC voltage from the wall outlet into the DC voltages required by the computer's internal components. A good quality PSU will provide clean, stable power and protect against over-voltage and over-current conditions.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to a business student.	ht	business	0
A power supply unit is like a gas tank in your car. It provides the fuel that makes the engine run. In a business, the power supply unit is responsible for providing electricity to all of the machines and equipment.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to a business student.	ht	business	1
A power supply unit is like the engine of a car. It converts fuel into usable energy to run the vehicle. In a business, the power supply unit would be responsible for converting electricity into useable power to run all of the computers and equipment.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to a business student.	ht	business	1
A keyboard is like a typewriter, but it has many more keys. It also has a computer screen and can be connected to the internet.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to a business student.	ht	business	1
A keyboard is like a typewriter, but it has a lot more letters. You can use the keyboard to type out documents on your computer.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to a business student.	ht	business	1
A keyboard is like a typewriter, but instead of using individual letters that are placed on movable typebars, each letter is assigned to a key. When you press a key, the corresponding letter appears on the screen.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to a business student.	ht	business	1
Mouse is a small, lightweight computer input device that is used to control the movement of the cursor on a computer screen. It typically has one or more buttons and a scroll wheel.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to a business student.	ht	business	0
Mouse is a computer input device that is used to control the movement of the cursor on a screen.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to a business student.	ht	business	0
A mouse is a small rodent that typically lives in fields and woods. They are known for their ability to get into tight spaces, making them great for exploring new areas. Mice are also known for being quick and agile, which can come in handy when escaping predators or trying to get food. In the business world, mice can be seen as an analogy for small businesses. Just like mice, small businesses are able to navigate through tight spaces and quickly adapt to their surroundings. Additionally, they may not be as powerful as larger businesses, but they make up for it with agility and speed.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to a business student.	ht	business	1
An audio card is similar to a sound system for a car. It allows you to play music, sounds, and speech from your computer.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to a business student.	ht	business	1
An audio card is similar to a driver's license. It is an identification card that proves you are who you say you are. An audio card also allows you to operate certain equipment. In the business world, an audio card might allow you to make telephone calls or access certain computer programs.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to a business student.	ht	business	1
An audio card is similar to a soundboard used by theater technicians. It allows them to control the volume and mix of various sounds for the production. An audio card in a computer does much the same thing, providing software controls for adjusting volumes and adding effects to different tracks or sources of audio.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to a business student.	ht	business	1
A computer's video card is similar to a human's brain. It processes all the visual information that is being sent to the monitor. The better the video card, the faster and more accurately it will be able to do this. This is important for businesses because they rely on visuals for things like presentations, marketing materials, and even just day-to-day tasks like reading emails and browsing websites.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to a business student.	ht	business	1
A video card is a piece of hardware in a computer that generates the images on the screen.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to a business student.	ht	business	0
A video card is like a car. It has many different parts that all work together to make the video card function properly. The engine is like the processor on the video card, and it generates the power necessary to run the other parts of the card. The graphics processing unit (GPU) is like the driver, who controls how everything works together. The memory is like the gas tank, providing fuel for the GPU so it can keep running. And finally, just like a real car needs tires and wheels to move around, a video card also requires connectors (like USB ports) to be able to display anything on a screen	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to a business student.	ht	business	1
The age of a tree can be determined by counting the number of rings in its trunk. Each ring represents one year's growth, so by counting the rings, you can determine how many years the tree has been alive.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to a business student.	ht	business	0
Just as a person's age can be calculated by counting the number of years since birth, a tree's age can be calculated by counting the number of rings in its trunk. Each ring represents one year's growth, so by counting the rings, you can determine how many years the tree has been alive.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to a business student.	ht	business	1
A tree's age calculation can be thought of as a measure of how long it has been since the tree's seed was planted.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to a business student.	ht	business	1
Glycolysis can be thought of as the process that a business uses to turn inputs, such as raw materials and labor, into outputs, such as finished products. The business starts by breaking down the inputs into their component parts in order to use them more efficiently. It then assembles the components into something new and useful. Finally, it sells the product to customers who will use it to meet their own needs.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to a business student.	ht	business	1
Glycolysis is like when a business starts making a profit. The business has started to convert its inputs (money) into outputs (products and services). In glycolysis, the sugar molecule glucose is converted into two molecules of pyruvate. This process releases energy that can be used by the cell to do work.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to a business student.	ht	business	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This happens in the cytoplasm of the cell and it is anaerobic, meaning that oxygen is not necessary for it to occur. The glycolytic pathway can be used by both aerobic and anaerobic organisms to generate energy.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to a business student.	ht	business	1
Anti-stokes scattering is much like what happens when one throws a rock into a still pond. The energy from the thrown rock creates waves that ripple outward until they dissipate. The anti-stokes process is similar, but instead of a rock being thrown into water, it's an electron that's kicked out of its atom. These ejected electrons create radiation that spreads out until it eventually peters out.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student.	ht	business	1
Anti-Stokes scattering is a type of Raman scattering that occurs when the energy of the photons being scattered is greater than the energy of the incident photons. In other words, it is a process by which light or other forms of electromagnetic radiation are scattered by molecules in such a way that their energy level decreases. This phenomenon can be useful for studying molecular structure and dynamics, as well as detecting signatures of specific chemical species.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student.	ht	business	1
Anti-Stokes scattering is the process of a photon bouncing off an atom and being emitted in a different direction. This happens when the photon has more energy than the atom it is scattering off of. To a business student, anti-stokes scattering can be best explained as the opposite of how stokes scattering works. With stokes scattering, photons lose energy as they bounce off atoms and are then absorbed by other atoms. In anti-stokes scattering, photons gain energy as they bounce off atoms and are then emitted by other atoms.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student.	ht	business	1
Stokes scattering is the process by which light or other particles are scattered by collisions with gas molecules. This scatter can be thought of as a randomizing process that causes photons to lose their coherency, much like how people in a crowd lose their individuality. The amount of scatter depends on the wavelength of the light and the density of the gas.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to a business student.	ht	business	1
Stokes scattering is similar to the way sunlight reflects off of a mirror. When light hits a mirror, some of the light is reflected off the surface and some is absorbed by the mirror. The light that is reflected off the surface travels in a straight line until it hits another object and is then reflected again. This process continues until the light reaches its destination or is absorbed by something else.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to a business student.	ht	business	1
When light waves travel through the atmosphere, they sometimes encounter air molecules. These collisions cause the light waves to scatter in all directions. This type of scattering is called stokes scattering.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to a business student.	ht	business	0
The median lethal dose (LD50) is the dose of a toxin that kills half of the exposed population. It can be used to measure the toxicity of a substance. For example, if a business student wanted to know how harmful a certain chemical was, they could look up its LD50 value.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to a business student.	ht	business	0
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that will kill half of a population of test animals. In business, it can be seen as the point at which a company begins to experience negative consequences from its actions. For example, if a company produces too much pollution, it will reach the median lethal dose and begin to cause significant damage to the environment.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to a business student.	ht	business	1
The median lethal dose (LD50) is the dosage of a toxin that kills 50% of the test population. It can be used as a measure of the toxicity of a substance. In business, it could be used to measure the risk associated with using a particular chemical or to decide how much safety margin should be built into a production process.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to a business student.	ht	business	0
The universe can be thought of as a business. It has an infinite amount of resources and it is constantly expanding. It is governed by natural laws that are unchanging. The universe provides everything that businesses need in order to thrive: air, water, land, sunlight, and so on. In the same way that businesses depend on these resources to survive and grow, the universe depends on its residents (the planets, stars, etc.) to flourish.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to a business student.	ht	business	1
The universe can be thought of as a business. It is large and complex, with many different parts that work together to create something larger than any one individual part. The universe has a beginning and an end, just like businesses do. And it evolves over time, growing and changing along with the people and things that make it up.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to a business student.	ht	business	1
The universe can be thought of as a business. It is constantly expanding and evolving, with new businesses being created while others go out of business. The universe is also unpredictable, with unexpected events happening all the time. However, there are some things that remain constant, such as the laws of supply and demand. In order to succeed in the universe (business), one must be adaptable and able to change with the times.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like workers in a factory. They do the work of converting one molecule into another. The molecules they convert are called substrates. The enzyme binds to the substrate and then converts it into the product. Enzyme activity can be affected by things like temperature and pH levels.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They work by fitting into a specific spot on a molecule and helping it to change shape so that the reaction can happen. This is kind of like how a wrench fits into a bolt to help turn it, but enzymes are much smaller than wrenches!	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzyme mechanisms are like machines in a factory. The enzymes are the workers and the molecules they work on are the products. The factories need energy to run, just as enzymes need energy to function. The products of the factory have to be packaged and labeled before they can be sold, just as the molecules produced by enzymes have to be processed and put into proper form before they can be used by the body.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to a business student.	ht	business	1
An ANOVA is used to test the equality of means between groups. For example, if a business wanted to know if there was a difference in satisfaction ratings among customers who purchased products from its online store and customers who purchased products from its brick-and-mortar store, it could use an ANOVA to test for this difference.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to a business student.	ht	business	0
An ANOVA is a test of whether there are any statistically significant differences among the means of three or more groups. It's like taking a bunch of samples from those groups and seeing if the averages of the samples in each group are really different from one another.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to a business student.	ht	business	0
Anova is a statistical technique used to test the difference between the means of two or more groups. It stands for "analysis of variance."	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to a business student.	ht	business	0
A thermostat is a device used to regulate the temperature of a room or building. It does this by sensing the temperature and turning on or off heating or cooling appliances as needed. In business, a thermostat can be thought of as a tool used to manage risk. By monitoring key performance indicators (KPIs), a company can detect early signs of trouble and make necessary adjustments before things spiral out of control.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to a business student.	ht	business	1
A thermostat is a device that helps regulate the temperature in a room or building. It does this by turning on or off the heating or cooling system as needed. In business, a thermostat can be seen as something that regulates and maintains the stability of a company. For example, if sales are down, the thermostat will turn on the marketing department to try and increase sales. If expenses are too high, the thermostat will turn on the finance department to cut costs.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to a business student.	ht	business	0
A thermostat is a device that controls the temperature of a room by regulating the amount of heat or air conditioning entering or leaving the room. It does this by turning on and off either the heating or cooling unit depending on the temperature set on the thermostat. In business, a thermostat could be used to metaphorically describe someone who manages and regulates company expenses in order to maintain a certain budget.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to a business student.	ht	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is similar to a business that has reached its break-even point. At this point, the company is no longer losing money, but it is also not making any profits. In the same way, chemical equilibrium describes a state in which the concentrations of reactants and products are equal.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to a business student.	ht	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is much like a business that has reached its optimal state. In this analogy, the chemicals in a solution are like the employees of the business. The chemical reactions taking place in the solution are analogous to the processes going on within the company. Just as too many or too few employees can throw off the balance of a business, an imbalance in chemical concentrations can upset equilibrium.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to a business student.	ht	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that has been in operation for many years. The company has reached a point where it is no longer making a profit, and it must make changes to continue operations. If the company does not make any changes, it will eventually go out of business. However, if the company makes small adjustments to its products or services, it can stay afloat and continue to thrive.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to a business student.	ht	business	1
Just-in-time is a philosophy or strategy for organizing production and inventory. The goal of just-in-time is to reduce waste by producing only what is needed, when it is needed. This can be accomplished by having a streamlined process with minimal buffers (extra inventory) between stages.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to a business student.	ht	business	0
Just-in-time is a business strategy that strives to improve efficiency and decrease waste by receiving goods only as they are needed. The goal is to receive the right amount of inventory at the right time so there is no excess or shortage.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to a business student.	ht	business	0
Just-in-time is an inventory management system that aims to reduce the amount of time a company spends stocking up on inventory. The philosophy behind just-in-time is that companies should only order and produce items when they are needed. This reduces the need for storage space and allows businesses to focus on producing what their customers want, rather than guessing what might sell well.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to a business student.	ht	business	0
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a company’s immune system. The body’s immune system is constantly working to protect the body from harmful invaders such as bacteria and viruses. The immune system does this by producing antibodies which are proteins that attach to the invading organisms and destroy them. Adaptive immunity is similar in that it also produces antibodies, but these antibodies are specific to particular threats, such as cancer cells or snake venom. Additionally, adaptive immunity is able to remember past threats and quickly produce antibodies if it encounters that threat again. This allows the body to mount a rapid response against previously encountered threats. Just like the human immune system, adaptive immunity is always on guard and working hard to protect its host (the business).	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to a business student.	ht	business	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as the immune system's ability to "learn" and remember specific infections. This allows the body to mount a more rapid and effective defense against future infection by that same pathogen. In contrast, innate immunity is more like a "default" response that is not necessarily tailored to any particular pathogen.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to a business student.	ht	business	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a company’s immune system. The body’s natural defenses – adaptive immunity – recognize and remember specific infections, so that the next time the person is infected, they are better equipped to fight off the infection. For businesses, this means having systems in place to protect against attacks and learning from past mistakes so that future attacks are less likely to succeed.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference across the two points. In other words, if you increase the voltage (or potential difference), then you will also increase the amount of current flowing through the conductor.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference across the points. In other words, if you apply more voltage (potential difference) to one end of a wire, then more current will flow through it. This is like saying that if you put more pressure on one side of a hose pipe than the other, water will flow faster out of the higher-pressure side.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to a business student.	ht	business	1
If you think of electricity as water, then ohm's law is like a rule that governs how much water flows through a pipe. The amount of current (water flow) in a circuit is directly proportional to the voltage (pressure) and inversely proportional to the resistance. In other words, if you increase the voltage or decrease the resistance, then the current will increase. And if you decrease the voltage or increase the resistance, then the current will decrease.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to a business student.	ht	business	1
Transcription is the process of taking spoken words and converting them into written form. This can be done either by a human or a computer. Transcription is used in many different businesses, including medical transcription, legal transcription, and financial transcription.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to a business student.	ht	business	0
Transcription is the process of converting spoken language into a written form. In business, transcription can be important for taking meeting minutes or recording interviews.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to a business student.	ht	business	0
Transcription is like taking dictation. The transcriptionist listens to someone speaking and types what they are saying.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to a business student.	ht	business	1
RNA polymerase is like a secretary in a business. The secretary takes notes of what the boss says and then types it up into a formal document. RNA polymerase does the same thing with DNA - it copies the genetic instructions from DNA to RNA.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to a business student.	ht	business	1
RNA polymerase can be thought of as the CEO of a company. It is responsible for making sure that all aspects of the business are running smoothly and that important tasks are completed on time. In addition, it coordinates communication between different parts of the company.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to a business student.	ht	business	1
RNA polymerase is like the assembly line worker at a car factory. The RNA polymerase reads the instructions for building a car (the DNA) and assembles it piece by piece.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to a business student.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are the "factories" of the cell. They are responsible for making all of the proteins that the cell needs to function. The ribosomes read a set of instructions (called a gene) and use those instructions to build a protein.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to a business student.	ht	business	0
Ribosomes are the protein factories of cells. They read the genetic code in DNA to create proteins, which are essential for life.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to a business student.	ht	business	0
A ribosome is like a factory that manufactures proteins. The DNA in the nucleus provides the instructions for constructing each protein, and the ribosomes read these instructions and assemble the proteins.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to a business student.	ht	business	1
Activator protein can be thought of as the CEO of a company. It is responsible for activating other proteins, which then go on to perform essential tasks required for the functioning of the cell. Without activator protein, these other proteins would not be able to do their job, and the cell would not function properly.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to a business student.	ht	business	1
Activator protein is like the CEO of a company. It is responsible for getting things done and making sure that everything runs smoothly.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to a business student.	ht	business	1
Activator protein can be thought of as the CEO of a company. This protein is responsible for initiating and regulating gene transcription—the process by which genetic information is converted into proteins. Without activator protein, genes would not be able to produce the proteins necessary for cellular function and survival.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to a business student.	ht	business	1
An electric circuit is like a water pipe. Electricity flows through the wires in much the same way that water flows through a pipe. Just as there are valves to control the flow of water, there are switches to control the flow of electricity.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to a business student.	ht	business	1
Electricity flows through a closed loop known as an electric circuit. The electricity enters the system at one point and makes its way around to the starting point, completing the circuit. In order for the electricity to flow, there must be a complete path for it to follow. This is similar to how business works - there must be a clear path for money (electricity) to move in order for transactions to take place.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to a business student.	ht	business	1
Electricity is like water in a pipe. The current (flow of electricity) through the wire is like the flow of water through a pipe. Voltage (pressure of electricity) is like the pressure of water in a pipe. Resistance to the flow of electric current is like resistance to the flow of water in a pipe.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to a business student.	ht	business	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. In other words, it's the natural inclination of oil to stick together and avoid water. This occurs because water molecules are polar and can interact with other polar molecules, whereas nonpolar molecules don't have any charges that would allow them to interact with other molecules. So when you mix oil and water, the oil droplets will try to get away from the water as much as possible by clumping together.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to a business student.	ht	business	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. In essence, this means that oil and water will not mix because the oil (a nonpolar molecule) is repelled by the water (a polar molecule). This effect can be seen when you try to shake a bottle of salad dressing that has been sitting on your counter for a while - even after vigorous shaking, there will still be some oil left on top.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to a business student.	ht	business	1
The hydrophobic effect is the physical phenomenon that causes nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. In other words, it's the force that makes oil and water mix together less than they would if they were both polar. This happens because the hydrocarbon chains of nonpolar molecules repel water, while polar molecules interact with it strongly. Think about it this way: oil is like a group of people who don't want to get wet (hydrophobic), while water is like a group of people who love getting wet (hydrophilic). When you put them together, the people who don't want to get wet push away from the people who do, causing them to mix together less than if everyone liked getting wet.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to a business student.	ht	business	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a business process. The input is the biological signal, such as a hormone or neurotransmitter, and the output is the effect of that signal on cells, tissues, or organs. Like any good business process, there needs to be some kind of feedback mechanism to ensure that the output matches the input. In biology, this feedback comes in the form of receptors on cell surfaces that detect changes in their environment and relay that information inside the cell. This triggers a series of biochemical reactions that culminate in an alteration in cellular function.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to a business student.	ht	business	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as the process that allows a business to receive a customer's order and then act on it. The customer's order is the biological signal, and the actions that are taken in response to the order are known as the transducer function. In businesses, this might mean taking an order over the phone and then preparing and delivering the food to the customer's house.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to a business student.	ht	business	1
In the business world, a signal is an indication of something important happening. For example, when a company's stock price suddenly changes, that's a signal that something has happened to affect the value of the stock.The same thing happens with biological signals: they're indications that something important is happening in the body. When hormones like insulin start flowing through your bloodstream after you eat a meal, for example, that's a signal telling your cells to start digesting food.Biological signals are transmitted by proteins called receptors. These receptors sit on the surface of cells and wait for specific molecules (the signals) to attach themselves to them. When this happens, it triggers a series of chemical reactions inside the cell that ultimately lead to some kind of cellular response.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to a business student.	ht	business	1
Nadh is like the cash flow for a business. It is the money that is coming in and going out. The business needs to have a positive nadh in order to be successful.	nadh	Explain nadh using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Proteins are like the employees of a business. They are responsible for carrying out the tasks that keep the business running.	proteins	Explain proteins using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
DNA is like a blueprint for a business. It contains all of the information needed to create the business, including the name, the products or services offered, and the procedures for running the business.	dna	Explain dna using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Glycogen is like a company's cash reserve. It is a stored form of energy that the body can use when it needs it.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a business's shipping and receiving department. The endoplasmic reticulum receives proteins and other molecules from the cytoplasm of the cell, modifies them, and then sends them to their appropriate destination.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives proteins and other materials from the endoplasmic reticulum, processes them, and sends them off to their final destinations.	golgi	Explain golgi using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the boundary of a business. It separates what is inside the business from what is outside the business. The plasma membrane is selectively permeable, meaning that it allows some things to pass through it while preventing other things from passing through. This allows the business to control what goes in and out.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling plant of a business. They recycle old or damaged materials into new materials that can be used again.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the quality control department of a business. They are responsible for making sure that the products that the business produces are of the highest quality. They do this by inspecting the products and getting rid of any that are not up to standard.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of the cell. Just as a business needs a reliable and efficient source of power to function, cells need mitochondria to produce the energy they need to survive. Mitochondria are responsible for producing adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is the primary source of energy for cells.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A chloroplast is like a factory. The plant cells produce glucose (sugar) in the chloroplasts. The glucose is used to produce energy for the plant cell.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides support to the cells and helps them to maintain their shape.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
ATP is the currency of energy in the body. Just as a business needs money to buy things, the body needs ATP to do things like move muscles and pump blood. ATP is made when the body breaks down food or when it uses energy from stored fat or sugar.	atp	Explain atp using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
NADPH is like the fuel that a business uses to run. It is necessary for the business to function and helps to produce energy.	nadph	Explain nadph using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Peroxysomes are like the quality control department of a business. They are responsible for making sure that the products that the business produces are of the highest quality. They do this by inspecting the products and making sure that they meet all of the necessary standards. If they find any problems with the products, they will work to fix them.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Mytochondria are the "workers" in a business. They are responsible for producing energy for the cell.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Electric forces are like the forces that hold two magnets together. Just as the magnets are attracted to each other, electric charges are attracted to each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a salesperson who is trying to sell a product to a customer. The orbital is the salesperson's territory, and the customer is the nucleus of the atom. The salesperson's goal is to sell as many products as possible to the customer.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The first line of defense in the body is similar to the front line of employees in a business. These employees are the first to encounter customers and are responsible for providing a good first impression. They are also responsible for handling any complaints or problems that may arise. In the body, the first line of defense is responsible for preventing infections from entering the body and for fighting off any infections that do enter.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Macrophages can be thought of as the janitors of the immune system. They are responsible for cleaning up debris and pathogens in the body. Like janitors, they are not always seen, but they are always working hard to keep things clean.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
T-helper cells are like the human resources department of a business. They are responsible for recruiting new immune cells to help fight infection and disease, and for helping to coordinate the immune response.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like the human resources department of a company. They are responsible for recruiting new employees (T-lymphocytes) and training them to do their job. They also help to coordinate the activities of the other cells in the immune system.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "sales force" of the immune system. They are responsible for identifying and destroying cells that are infected or cancerous.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Bacteria are like a business that is expanding rapidly and taking over new territory. The bacteria are invading new cells and using up the resources, which can cause problems for the cell. The bacteria are also spreading to new areas and can cause infection.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The action potential is like a customer service representative who is available 24/7. They are always there to help the customer and are always willing to go the extra mile.	action potential	Explain action potential using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The experiment of chromatography is similar to a business where the different products are the different colors and the different customers are the different parts of the paper. The different products are placed in order on one side of the paper and the different customers are placed in order on the other side of the paper. The different products are then mixed together and the different customers are then mixed together. The different products and customers are then separated from each other by the paper.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The main-sequence lifetime of a star can be thought of as the amount of time a star will remain in its prime earning years. The main-sequence lifetime of a star is determined by the star's mass. The more massive a star is, the shorter its main-sequence lifetime will be.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The nucleus is the CEO of a company. It is in charge of making decisions that will affect the entire company.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using a business analogy.	lt	business	0
Ribosomes are the protein factories of the cell. Just as a business needs machines to manufacture products, the cell needs ribosomes to manufacture proteins.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a shipping and receiving department in a business. The Golgi receives shipments of raw materials (such as proteins and lipids) from the ER and packages them into finished products (such as enzymes and hormones). The Golgi then sends these finished products to their appropriate destinations (such as the plasma membrane or the lysosomes).	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They recycle old or damaged materials so that the business can continue to function efficiently.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for making decisions that affect the company as a whole. The nuclear envelope is responsible for making decisions that affect the nucleus of the cell.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage room in a business. It is a place where things can be stored until they are needed.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The cytoplasm is the "working area" of the cell. It is where all the important cellular activities take place, such as protein synthesis and energy production. In a business analogy, the cytoplasm would be the office where the employees work.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Chromosomes are like the blueprints for a business. They contain the genetic information that determines how the business is run.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the "office space" of the cell. It is where all of the cell's important work takes place.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has a boss (the nucleus), employees (the cytoplasm), and a purpose (to carry out the functions of the cell).	cell	Explain cell using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold a small amount of something. It is like a small business that can hold a small amount of money.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a company's firewall. It is a barrier that helps to protect the company's internal systems from unauthorized access and from outside threats.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as a business has a basic structure of employees, a cell has a basic structure of proteins. The employees of a business are responsible for different tasks, and the proteins of a cell are responsible for different tasks. The employees of a business work together to create a product or service, and the proteins of a cell work together to create a product or service.	cells	Explain cells using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a business. The cell membrane is the boundary of the cell and it controls what goes in and out of the cell. The cell membrane is also responsible for maintaining the cell's internal environment.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The Golgi body can be thought of as the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives shipments of raw materials from the cell nucleus and then packages and distributes the finished products to other parts of the cell.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A capacitor is like a container of water. The more water you have in the container, the more capacitance you have.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Electric current is like the flow of money in a business. Just as money needs to flow in order for the business to function, electric current needs to flow in order for an electronic device to work.	electric current	Explain electric current using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Voltage is like the amount of money in a bank account. The higher the voltage, the more money is available.	voltage	Explain voltage using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
In a business, specialization occurs when different employees are assigned to specific tasks. For example, one employee may be responsible for sales, another for accounting, and another for marketing. Communication in a business occurs when employees exchange information with one another in order to coordinate their activities. For example, the accounting employee may need to know what the sales employee is selling in order to generate accurate invoices.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to the law of supply and demand in business. Just as the law of supply and demand states that when there is more demand for a product than there is available supply, the price of the product will go up, Kirchoff's voltage law states that when there is more demand for electrical current than there is available supply, the voltage (or electrical pressure) will go up.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A density wave is a business analogy that can be used to describe the way that a market moves. A market can be thought of as a collection of buyers and sellers who are exchanging goods and services. When the market is in equilibrium, the buyers and sellers are evenly matched and the price of the goods is stable. When the market is in a state of disequilibrium, the buyers and sellers are not evenly matched and the price of the goods is unstable.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Enzymes are like the secretaries in a business. They are responsible for taking care of all the little tasks that need to be done in order for the business to run smoothly. Enzymes do this by helping to speed up chemical reactions in the body.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The human active memory system can be likened to a business with many departments. The departments are responsible for handling different aspects of the business. The active memory system is responsible for handling different aspects of memory. The departments in the active memory system are responsible for handling different aspects of memory. The departments in the active memory system are responsible for handling different aspects of memory.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step that is the slowest. In a business analogy, this would be like the step in the process that takes the longest.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. It is similar to a sorting machine in a business. The machine separates the different items in the mail and delivers them to the correct department. Column chromatography separates the different compounds in a mixture and delivers them to the correct container.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is a state in which the concentrations of the reactants and products are constant. This analogy uses a business to explain the concept. In a business, the goal is to have a balance between the money coming in and the money going out. If the business takes in more money than it spends, it will have a surplus. If the business spends more money than it takes in, it will have a deficit. In the same way, the goal of a chemical reaction is to have a balance between the reactants and the products. If the reaction takes in more reactants than it produces products, it will have a surplus of reactants. If the reaction produces more products than it takes in reactants, it will have a surplus of products.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage locker in a business. It is a place where you can store things until you need them.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a small truck that transports goods from one part of a company to another. The truck picks up the goods from one location and delivers them to another location within the company.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like a business that is doing well and is making a lot of money. The business is growing and is doing well. However, if something happens to the business, it can turn into an oncogene.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Oncogenes are like a business that is doing very well and is growing rapidly. The oncogenes are providing the company with a lot of new customers and are making a lot of money. However, the oncogenes are also creating a lot of new competition and are putting the company at risk of being taken over by a larger company.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes can be thought of as the quality control department of a business. They are responsible for making sure that cells grow and divide in a controlled manner, and that any mistakes that occur are corrected. If tumor suppressor genes are not working properly, cells can start to grow and divide out of control, leading to the development of cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A company that produces brittle software is like a company that produces cheap, disposable products. The products may be popular for a while, but they're not built to last. Eventually, customers will get tired of buying the same thing over and over again, and they'll find a company that produces products that are more reliable and durable.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A resonance hybrid is like a team of workers who can each do a specific job, but who can also work together to complete a task. The team has different members who can each do their own job, but they can also work together to complete the task.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a business analogy as follows:The wave mechanical model can be thought of as a company that manufactures products. The products are then shipped to retailers who sell them to consumers. The company also has a sales force that sells products to retailers. The company also has a research and development department that creates new products.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The electroencephalogram (EEG) is a measure of the electrical activity of the brain. It can be thought of as a measure of the "brain waves" that are produced as the brain cells communicate with each other. Just as a business might use various measures to track the performance of its employees (e.g. number of sales, number of customer complaints, etc.), EEG can be used to track the electrical activity of the brain and see how it changes over time. This can be helpful in diagnosing and treating conditions that affect the brain.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a business process. The DNA molecule is the original document, and the copies are the duplicates. The process of replication is carried out by enzymes, which are like the workers in a business. The DNA molecule is like the blueprint, and the enzymes are like the machines that carry out the replication process.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
RNA transcription is a lot like a business. The DNA is the company, and the RNA is the employees. The DNA is the boss, and the RNA is the workers. The DNA is the one who tells the RNA what to do, and the RNA is the one who does it.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Protein translation is a bit like a business. The mRNA is the company's plan or blueprint, the ribosomes are the workers, and the proteins are the products. The mRNA is read by the ribosomes, who create the proteins according to the instructions in the mRNA.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a business in which the different parts are interconnected and work together to achieve a common goal. The different parts of the ecosystem include the producers (plants), the consumers (animals), and the decomposers (microorganisms). The producers create the food that the consumers eat, and the decomposers break down the dead plants and animals to release their nutrients back into the ecosystem.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The action potential is like an email that is sent from one person to another. The email is sent from the person's computer (the neuron's cell body) to their phone (the neuron's terminal). The email is then sent from the phone to the person's friend's computer (the neuron's cell body).	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The frog's breathing mechanism can be likened to a business that has a limited amount of funds (reserves) to operate its daily activities. The frog's lungs are like the business' checking account, which is used to pay for immediate expenses. The frog's liver is like the business' savings account, which is used to pay for larger expenses that are not immediately necessary.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A layered architecture is like a layer cake. The cake is made up of many thin layers of cake that are stacked on top of each other. The cake is held together by frosting, which is spread between the layers of cake. The frosting is also what you see on the outside of the cake.A layered architecture is made up of many thin layers of software that are stacked on top of each other. The layers are held together by a framework, which is a layer of software that sits on top of the other layers. The framework is also what you see on the outside of the software.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
In a business, a limiting reactant is the resource that is in shortest supply. It is the reactant that limits the amount of product that can be made. An excess reactant is a reactant that is in excess, or is not in short supply.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A eukaryotic cell can be thought of as a business. The nucleus is the CEO, the mitochondria are the workers, and the cytoplasm is the office space. The cell membrane is the security guard, and the cell wall is the fence.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple and has a limited number of employees (proteins). It is also relatively self-sufficient, meaning it can produce most of the molecules it needs to survive.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The kernel is the heart of the operating system. It is responsible for managing the resources of the computer and providing basic services to the applications. It is analogous to the CEO of a company, who is responsible for the overall operation of the business and for providing basic services to the employees.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in a business. It is the component that is in shortest supply and limits the amount of product that can be made.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Helicase is a protein that helps DNA strands to unzip and separate so that the genetic information can be copied. It can be thought of as a business executive who is responsible for ensuring that the company's files are properly organized and accessible.	helicase	Explain helicase using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the managers of a business. They are responsible for ensuring that the business runs smoothly and that all the necessary tasks are completed. In the case of DNA replication, the binding proteins are responsible for ensuring that the DNA is accurately copied.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Ligase is a business that helps two companies merge. Ligase is the middleman that helps make the merger happen.	ligase	Explain ligase using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A process control block can be thought of as a "supervisor" for a business process. It monitors the progress of the process and makes sure that it is proceeding as expected. If there are any problems, the process control block can take corrective action.	process control block	Explain process control block using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
When you encode a message, you are putting it into a specific format so that it can be understood by the recipient. This is a bit like sending a package to someone. You need to make sure the address is clear so that the postman knows where to deliver it, and the recipient can understand the address so that they can find the package when it arrives.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Drugs and receptor sites interact in a way that can be compared to two businesses interacting. The drug is the business and the receptor site is the customer. When the drug is introduced to the customer, it tries to find the best way to interact with the customer in order to get what it wants. The customer's receptors are like the business's target market. The more the drug can interact with the customer's receptors, the more likely it is to get what it wants.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A monitor is like a supervisor in a business. They are responsible for overseeing the work that is being done and ensuring that it is done correctly. They also provide support and guidance to the workers.	monitor	Explain monitor using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The CPU is the "brains" of the computer. It processes all the instructions that the computer receives from the various input devices (keyboard, mouse, etc.), and it controls all the output devices (monitor, printer, etc.).	cpu	Explain cpu using a business analogy.	lt	business	0
A motherboard can be thought of as the foundation of a business. Just as a motherboard provides the essential foundation for a computer, a business needs a strong foundation in order to be successful. This foundation includes things like a sound business plan, a good team of employees, and a strong marketing strategy.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Ram is a type of computer memory that is used to store data temporarily. It is similar to a desk drawer in that it can be opened and closed to store or access information.	ram	Explain ram using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a company's generator. It is responsible for providing power to the company's facilities. Just as a generator needs fuel to run, a power supply unit needs a power source to function. In most cases, this source is an electrical outlet.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The keyboard is like a secretary. It takes dictation from the user and types it into a document.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is often used as a symbol of vulnerability or innocence. In business, a mouse can be used to describe a small or insignificant company or individual.	mouse	Explain mouse using a business analogy.	lt	business	0
An audio card can be thought of as a secretary for a business. The card helps to manage and organize the audio files for the business. It also helps to keep track of who is working on what audio project and when it is due.	audio card	Explain audio card using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A video card can be thought of as a secretary in a business. The secretary is responsible for handling all of the paperwork and ensuring that everything is organized and filed correctly. In the same way, a video card is responsible for handling all of the graphics information and ensuring that everything is displayed correctly on the screen.	video card	Explain video card using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A tree's age calculation can be thought of as a business analogy in which the tree is the business and the years it has been in operation are the years the business has been in operation. Just as a business accumulates profits and losses over the years, a tree accumulates growth rings over the years. The thickness of each growth ring is an indication of the amount of growth that has occurred in that year. By counting the number of growth rings, the age of the tree can be determined.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process can be thought of as the production line in a business. The glucose is the raw material that is being processed, and the pyruvate is the product that is being created.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
When light shines on a material, some of the light is reflected off the surface and some of the light is absorbed by the material. If the material is illuminated from the side, some of the light that is reflected off the surface will be scattered in the direction of the light source. This type of scattering is called anti-stokes scattering.Anti-stokes scattering can be thought of as a business analogy. When a customer walks into a store, some of the customer's energy is reflected off the surface of the store and some of the customer's energy is absorbed by the store. If the customer is illuminated from the side, some of the light that is reflected off the surface will be scattered in the direction of the customer. This type of scattering is called anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by small particles in a suspension. It is similar to the scattering of light by small objects in a room. The light scatters in all directions and the intensity of the light decreases with distance.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The median lethal dose is the dose of a toxin that kills 50% of the exposed population. This can be thought of as the "toxic dose" that a business would need to use to kill half of its customers.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The universe can be thought of as a business. The big bang was the company's creation event, and the expansion of the universe is the company's growth. The galaxies are the businesses within the company, and the stars are the employees. The planets are the products, and the moons are the factories. The asteroids and comets are the raw materials, and the gas and dust are the resources. The black holes are the company's competitors, and the dark matter is the company's secret sauce.	universe	Explain universe using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Enzyme mechanism can be explained using a business analogy as follows: Enzymes are like the workers in a business. They do the work that is needed to make the business run. The workers need the right tools and supplies to do their job. The same is true for enzymes. They need the right tools (substrates) and supplies (cofactors) to do their job. The workers also need to be in the right place to do their job. The same is true for enzymes. They need to be in the right place (the active site) to do their job.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
An anova is a business analysis tool that is used to measure the performance of different divisions or business units within a company. It can be used to compare the performance of two divisions, or to measure the performance of a division against a benchmark. The anova helps to identify which divisions are performing the best, and which ones need improvement.	anova	Explain anova using a business analogy.	lt	business	0
A thermostat is like a boss. It sets the temperature and everyone has to follow.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that is in a stable state. The business is not growing or shrinking and it is making a profit. The business is not in a crisis and it is not in a boom.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
A business analogy for just-in-time would be a grocery store that orders food from a distributor just before it is needed. This prevents the store from having to store large quantities of food that may go bad before it is used.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a business that has learned how to respond to and adapt to the ever-changing environment of the marketplace. The business has a variety of strategies it can use to respond to new challenges, and it can also modify its strategies as it learns more about its competitors and the marketplace. In the same way, the immune system can respond to new challenges by activating different parts of the immune system, and it can also modify its response as it learns more about the invader.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
In business, Ohm's law can be thought of as the "law of demand." Just as electrical current is inversely proportional to resistance, the quantity of a good or service demanded is inversely proportional to the price. In other words, as the price of a good or service goes up, the quantity demanded goes down, and vice versa.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Transcription is the process of taking spoken words and converting them into written text. This can be done manually, or through the use of technology. Transcription is often used in business to create meeting minutes, or to take notes during a phone call.	transcription	Explain transcription using a business analogy.	lt	business	0
RNA polymerase can be thought of as a business executive. This executive is responsible for creating new products (molecules of RNA) and ensuring that the company's production line is running smoothly.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They are responsible for making the proteins that the factory produces.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The activator protein is like the CEO of a company. It is responsible for getting things done and making sure the company is running smoothly.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Electricity is like money in the bank. It is a resource that can be used to do work. Just as a business can use money to buy things, it can use electricity to power machines.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This can be explained using a business analogy. Nonpolar molecules are like independent business owners who are not interested in working with others. Aqueous environments are like cities with all of the different businesses. The nonpolar molecules are not interested in working with the other businesses in the city and instead prefer to stick together.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a process of communication between different parts of a system. In a business, this might be the communication between the head office and different branches. The head office sends out instructions, and the different branches then carry out these instructions. In the same way, the instructions for carrying out a biological process are sent out by the cell's nucleus, and the different parts of the cell then carry out these instructions.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using a business analogy.	lt	business	1
When a business has excess inventory or products it cannot sell, it may turn to a company called nadh to help get rid of the items. Nadh is a broker that buys products from businesses who need to get rid of them and then sells them to other businesses who may be able to use them.	nadh	Explain nadh using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Nadh is a coenzyme found in all living cells. It is involved in the redox reactions, which are essential for energy production.	nadh	Explain nadh using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
NADH is very similar to a rechargeable battery. It helps to create energy in the body, just as a battery helps power electronic devices. NADH can be "recharged" by consuming foods or supplements that contain its precursor, niacinamide.	nadh	Explain nadh using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Proteins are the building blocks of life. Just as a company is built with different parts that work together to create something larger, proteins are made up of smaller molecules called amino acids that come together to form long chains. These chains fold and twist into specific shapes, which determine what the protein will do in the body.	proteins	Explain proteins using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A protein is a molecule composed of amino acids. Proteins are important in the body for many reasons, including structural support, movement, and as enzymes that catalyze biochemical reactions. In terms of business, proteins would be like the employees who work at the company. They are necessary for the company to function properly and perform their various tasks.	proteins	Explain proteins using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Proteins are like the bricks and mortar of a business. They make up the structure and play an important role in how the company operates.	proteins	Explain proteins using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
DNA can be compared to a company's business model. The DNA is the basic plan or structure of how the company operates. The genes are like the individual products that the company produces.	dna	Explain dna using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A company's dna is its unique set of core values and beliefs that guide its operations. Just as a strand of DNA contains the genetic instructions for building a living organism, these core values provide the blueprint for how a company behaves and what it stands for. Over time, a company's dna can change as it acquires new businesses, employees, and customers, but the underlying principles always remain.	dna	Explain dna using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
DNA is the blueprint for life. It contains all of the information needed to create a living organism. DNA is similar to a business plan in that it contains all of the information needed to build and operate a business.	dna	Explain dna using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The glycogen business analogy would be like a grocery store. The grocery store has shelves stocked with food and when the food is gone, the grocer will restock the shelves. In the same way, glycogen stores energy in your muscles and when it's used up, your body will produce more glycogen.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When a business is thriving and has more work than it can handle, it will often hire temporary workers to help with the extra load. These workers are called "contractors" or "consultants." The business analogy for glycogen would be that these contractors are like the glucose molecules that come in to help out when the muscle cells need more energy.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Glycogen is a storage molecule for glucose, which is the brain's main source of energy. Just as a business would store extra money in case of an emergency, the body stores extra glucose in the form of glycogen. This way, if blood sugar levels drop or there is not enough food available, the body can still provide energy to the brain.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a business' shipping and receiving department. The ER receives shipments (molecules) from other parts of the cell, packages them up, and sends them on their way. It also receives requests for specific molecules from other parts of the cell and fulfills those requests.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the shipping and receiving department in a business. The endoplasmic reticulum receives proteins from the cytoplasm and sends them to other parts of the cell, or to other cells.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is a system within the cell that processes proteins. It can be thought of as the business's shipping department. The endoplasmic reticulum receives orders for new proteins from other parts of the cell and then assembles and packages them for delivery to their destination.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The Golgi Apparatus is like a shipping and receiving department in a business. It receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and sends them out to other parts of the cell.	golgi	Explain golgi using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that processes proteins and lipids that are synthesized on the endoplasmic reticulum. The proteins and lipids are modified by the addition of carbohydrates in the Golgi. The processed proteins and lipids are then packaged into vesicles that bud off from the Golgi and transported to their destination, either another organelle or outside of the cell.A good analogy for understanding how the golgi works would be to think of it as a shipping department for a company. The endoplasmic reticulum would be where all of the products are made, just like how different parts of a factory produce different items. The golgi would be responsible for adding any necessary finishing touches to these products, such as packaging them up nicely or attaching labels. Finally, it would send these products off to their respective destinations, just like how UPS or FedEx transports packages from one place to another.	golgi	Explain golgi using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives proteins from the cytoplasm of the cell, modifies them, and sends them off to their final destination - either another organelle within the cell or outside the cell.	golgi	Explain golgi using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the boundary between a company and its customers. The plasma membrane protects the cells inside from harmful substances outside while allowing necessary molecules and nutrients to enter.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The plasma membrane could be thought of as the receptionist at a business. The receptionist is responsible for handling all of the incoming and outgoing phone calls, as well as greeting customers when they come in. In the same way, the plasma membrane oversees all of the traffic that goes in and out of cells, while also acting as a barrier between the inside and outside of cells.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The plasma membrane can be compared to the boundary of a business. It is the outermost layer that separates the inside of the business from the outside world. The plasma membrane regulates what enters and leaves the cell, much like a company limits who has access to its property and who does not.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the digestive system of a cell. Just as your body has organs such as the stomach and intestines that break down food so that your cells can absorb the nutrients, lysosomes break down large molecules in the cytoplasm into smaller units that the cell can use.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the “recycling center” of a cell. Just like a recycling center in a city, lysosomes break down objects into smaller pieces that can be reused. In the case of cells, lysosomes recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the "recycling center" of a cell. Just like in a business, where old materials are recycled and used to create new products, lysosomes recycle worn-out cells parts into new ones.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the quality control department in a business. They inspect products to make sure they meet certain standards before they are released to the public.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes can be thought of as the quality control department of a business. They are responsible for making sure that all products produced by the company meet certain standards for quality and purity. If something is not up to snuff, peroxisomes will work to correct the issue.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the quality control department of a business. They make sure that everything is running smoothly and that all the products meet the company's standards. If something isn't right, they will fix it.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouse" of a cell - they are responsible for producing energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP). This analogy could be used to describe mitochondria as an important part of a company, providing energy and support to keep things running smoothly.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouse" of a cell. Just like a business needs an efficient and reliable power source to keep running, cells need mitochondria to produce energy. Mitochondria are responsible for churning out adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is used by cells to carry out all sorts of essential tasks.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "power plants" of the cell - they produce energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP). This analogy can be extended to businesses, where mitochondria can be thought of as the power generators that create electricity for the company. Just like businesses need a reliable source of electricity to function properly, cells need a constant supply of ATP to carry out all their important tasks.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A chloroplast is a bit like an office photocopier. It takes in light energy from the sun and uses it to produce glucose, which is then used as food by plants.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A chloroplast can be thought of as a business’s marketing department. The marketing department is responsible for creating and executing the marketing plan, which is designed to increase sales and profits. The chloroplast also produces energy for the business by converting sunlight into chemical energy.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The chloroplast can be thought of as the production plant for a business. The plant takes in raw materials (carbon dioxide and water) and uses energy from the sun to create glucose sugar. The glucose is then used to produce products that the business sells (such as oxygen, fruits, or vegetables).	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton can be thought of as the scaffolding or framework within a cell that gives it its shape and stability. It is made up of proteins called microtubules and actin filaments, which are constantly being remodeled to maintain the cell's structure. In a business analogy, the cytoskeleton would be like the foundation or infrastructure that supports the day-to-day operations of the company. It provides strength and stability, and can be adapted to meet changing needs.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding in a construction site. It provides support to the cells and helps them to move around.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton is like a company's skeleton. It provides structure and support for the cell while also allowing it to move and change shape.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
ATP is the currency of energy for business. Just as a dollar can be exchanged for goods and services, ATP is used to buy energy required for running a business. The more ATP a company has, the more productive it can be.	atp	Explain atp using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
ATP can be thought of as the currency of energy in all living cells. Just as a business might use money to purchase goods and services, cells use ATP to power chemical reactions that allow them to function.	atp	Explain atp using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
ATP is like the gasoline that powers a car. The body's cells need energy to function, and ATP provides that energy. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, the body needs ATP to power its cellular activities.	atp	Explain atp using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
NADPH can be thought of as the "fuel" that allows businesses to operate. Just like a car needs gasoline to run, cells need NADPH to carry out their functions. NADPH provides energy for things like cell growth and DNA replication.	nadph	Explain nadph using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
NADPH is an acronym for nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate, which is a cofactor in redox reactions. NADPH acts as an electron carrier and helps to maintain the redox balance in cells. It can be compared to a bank account, where NADPH stores electrons that can be used later in cellular processes.	nadph	Explain nadph using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
NADPH is a molecule that helps turn sunlight into energy in the body's cells. It can be thought of as an "energy currency" for the cell, similar to how money is used to purchase goods and services in a business. NADPH helps make it possible for the cell to use sunlight to produce the food it needs to survive.	nadph	Explain nadph using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Peroxysomes can be thought of as the quality control department in a business. They are responsible for making sure that all of the products that are produced by the company meet the high standards set by management. If something is not up to par, peroxysomes will work to fix it.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Peroxysomes are like the quality control department of a business. They inspect products and make sure they meet the company's standards before they are released to customers.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Peroxysomes are like the mini-fridges of the cell. They store small amounts of food and drink for the cell to use when it needs them.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The mitochondria can be thought of as the "power plant" of the cell - they produce energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) for the cell to use.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The mitochondria can be thought of as the "engine" of a business. Just as the engine powers a car, the mitochondria power cells. The mitochondria are responsible for producing energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP). This energy is necessary for all cellular activities, including protein synthesis and cell division.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Mytochondria are the cellular organelles that produce energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) for the cell. They can be thought of as the battery packs that power cells.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Electric forces are like customers at a business. The more customers there are, the more force there is.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Electric forces are similar to the attraction or repulsion between magnets. Just as a magnet can either attract or repel other magnets, electric charges can either attract or repel each other. This analogy is helpful because it is easy to understand and visualize.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Electric forces are like customers. Customers have a certain amount of money that they can spend at a business. The more customers that come to a business, the more money the business makes. Electric charges are like customers because they have a certain amount of energy that they can release when they come into contact with other charges.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a salesperson who is visiting many different stores in one day. This person has a specific route that they take, and they visit each store for a certain amount of time. They might also have a few favorite stores that they visit more often than the others.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a salesperson who is trying to sell a product to a customer. The orbital is the salesperson's territory, and the product is the electron. The customer is the nucleus, and the goal of the salesperson is to get the electron as close to the nucleus as possible.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When an electron is in a hydrogen atom, it occupies one of the shells around the nucleus. These shells are like circles of seats around a conference table. The electrons fill up the shells in order of how much energy they have. The most energetic electrons fill up the first shell, then the next most energetic ones go into the second shell, and so on.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
The first line of defense in the body is similar to a company's front desk staff. They are the first people that customers see when they walk in and they are responsible for helping them with whatever they need. In the body, this responsibility falls to the immune system. The immune system is made up of a variety of different cells that work together to protect us from infection and disease.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In business, the first line of defense is typically made up of lower-level employees who are responsible for handling customer complaints and queries. They are the frontline workers who deal with customers on a day-to-day basis. The same principle applies to the body's first line of defense, which is made up of white blood cells called neutrophils. These cells are responsible for attacking and destroying any potential invaders, such as bacteria or viruses.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The first line of defense in the body is similar to a company's customer service department. It is responsible for dealing with any issues that come up and preventing them from spreading.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Macrophages are like the janitors of the body. They clean up debris and help to get rid of any potentially harmful substances.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A macrophage can be thought of as the janitor of the immune system. Just as a janitor cleans up messes and maintains order in a building, macrophages clean up debris and help to maintain order in the body. They also play an important role in repairing damage to tissues.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Macrophages are like the janitors in a business. They clean up messes and get rid of waste.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In business, a t-helper cell is an essential part of the team that provides support and guidance to the rest of the organization. Just as in business, t-helper cells are essential for the immune system to function properly. They help activate other immune cells and guide them to where they are needed.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
T-helper cells are like the human resources department of a business. They help to coordinate and manage all of the other cells in the body, ensuring that everything is working together effectively.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
T-helper cells can be thought of as the managers or executives of the immune system. They are responsible for directing and organizing the activities of other immune cells in order to fight off infection or disease. Just as a business would need managers to direct and coordinate its employees, the immune system needs t-helper cells to orchestrate its response to foreign invaders.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes can be thought of as the human resources department for the immune system. They are responsible for producing antibodies that recognize and bind to specific pathogens, allowing other cells of the immune system to destroy them.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "sales people" of the immune system. They are responsible for detecting and attacking invading viruses, bacteria, and other foreign objects. Just like a good salesperson, b-lymphocytes are quick to respond to any signs of an intruder and work tirelessly to clear it from the body.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like employees in a business. They are responsible for defending the body against infection and helping to produce antibodies.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic t-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "sales force" of the immune system. Their job is to identify and kill cells that are not supposed to be in the body, such as cancer cells or virus-infected cells. Like a good salesperson, cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are efficient and accurate in their work, quickly identifying and eliminating any threats to the body.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as the company’s “top producers.” These employees are highly skilled and work hard to produce high-quality products. They are important to the success of the business and are essential for meeting customer demands.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the "secret police" of the immune system. They patrol the body for signs of infection or cancer, and when they find something suspicious, they destroy it.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Bacteria invading a human body is similar to a business invading a new market. The bacteria are looking for new sources of food and shelter, while the business is looking to expand its customer base and increase profits.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The invasion of bacteria is similar to a business invading a foreign country. The bacteria are looking for new resources and opportunities to grow, just as the business is looking for new markets to expand into. The bacteria can spread quickly and cause damage, just like a business can if it's not careful. And finally, both the bacteria and the business need to be monitored and managed carefully in order to be successful.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Bacteria are like an unwanted customer that enters a business and begins to cause problems. The bacteria can contaminate products, spread disease, and create a general mess. In order to protect the business (and its customers), it is important to get rid of the bacteria as quickly as possible.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When a customer enters a business, they might approach the counter to ask a question or make a purchase. The customer's action (coming up to the counter) creates an action potential in the employee, who then responds by providing service or fulfilling the customer's request.	action potential	Explain action potential using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When a customer walks into a store, they are greeted by an employee. The employee asks the customer if they need help finding anything. If the customer says "no," then they are free to wander around the store and look at what they want. However, if the customer says "yes," then the employee takes them to where they can find what they're looking for.	action potential	Explain action potential using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The action potential can be explained as the activation of a business. The initial investment (voltage) is what opens up the business and allows it to start functioning. Once the business is open, it will continue to function as long as it has a steady flow of investments (current). If there are any interruptions in the flow of investments, then the business will start to close down until it receives another investment.	action potential	Explain action potential using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. A business analogy would be to think of chromatography as a way to divide a large quantity of products into smaller quantities. This would make it easier for businesses to manage and sell their products.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for chromatography would be to think of it as a way to separate different types of ink particles in a printer. The different colors of ink are placed on top of one another, and then the printer prints out a document. As the paper moves through the printer, the individual ink particles are separated by their size and color. This is similar to how chromatography works – different compounds (in this case, ink) are placed on top of each other, and then they are separated according to their size and color.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The experiment of chromatography can be best explained by using a business analogy. In business, there are many different types of products and services that are offered to customers. These products and services are often divided into categories based on what they are and how they are used. For example, there may be a category for food items, another category for clothing items, and still another for electronics.In the same way, different compounds can be separated based on their physical properties using chromatography. The compounds in question can be thought of as the different products and services that a business offers to its customers. Just as each product or service falls into a specific category, so too do the individual compounds within those categories.By using this analogy, it becomes easier to understand how chromatography works. When performing chromatography experiments, scientists use certain solvents to separate the compounds present in a sample. The solvent acts like the shopping mall where all of the businesses are located. Each compound is attracted to the solvent in a unique way, just as each store is attraction customers with its own special offerings.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A star's main-sequence lifetime is analogous to the lifespan of a business. A new business has lots of energy and enthusiasm, but it eventually runs out of steam and dies. A well-run business, on the other hand, lasts for many years because it manages its resources effectively.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When a star is in the main sequence, it is using its hydrogen fuel to create energy. The star will use up its hydrogen fuel and move on to other stages of its life cycle. A business analogy for this would be a company that uses up its startup money and moves on to other funding sources.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The main-sequence lifetime of a star can be thought of as the amount of time it takes for the star to reach its full potential. Just as a business needs time to grow and reach its full potential, so too does a star. The main-sequence lifetime of a star is determined by its mass; the more massive the star, the shorter its lifetime.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A nucleus is the center of a business. It is where all the important decisions are made and it oversees everything that happens in the company.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A nucleus is the center of a company. It is where all the important decisions are made and it oversees everything that goes on in the company.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The nucleus is like the CEO of a company. It's in charge of making decisions that affect the entire organization.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They produce the proteins that are needed by the cells.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes can be compared to the assembly line of a factory. The mRNA is like a blueprint, and the ribosomes are like the workers who put together the final product according to the instructions on the blueprint.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes can be thought of as the production line in a business. The DNA is the blueprint for the product, and the ribosomes are responsible for reading that blueprint and assembling the product.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The golgi apparatus can be thought of as a business office. The cell's proteins are packaged in the cytoplasm and delivered to the golgi apparatus, where they are processed and then sent to their final destination within or outside of the cell.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a shipping and receiving department for the cell. It receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum and modifies them before sending them off to their final destination, either outside of the cell or back to the ER. The analogy would be a business that receives products from suppliers, modifies them according to customer specifications, and then sends them off to retailers or other businesses.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Just as the golgi apparatus sorts and packages materials for delivery to different parts of a cell, a business might organize and prepare products for shipping to customers. The golgi apparatus receives proteins and lipids from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and then sends them off to their final destinations. In the same way, a business might receive orders from customers, modify or assemble the products according to those orders, and then ship them out.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling department in a business. They break down old materials and reuse them to create new products. This helps keep the business running efficiently and reduces waste.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They break down old materials and recycle them into new ones. This helps keep the business running smoothly and efficiently.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the "recycling plant" of a business. Just like in a recycling plant, lysosomes break down old materials (in this analogy, trash) into reusable parts that can be used to create new things. This process is necessary for keeping cells healthy and functioning properly.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a corporation's board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for making decisions that affect the entire company, while the nuclear envelope is responsible for making decisions that affect the cell's nucleus. Just like a business, the nucleus needs to be protected from outside influences so that it can function properly.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The nuclear envelope can be likened to the walls of a building. The nuclear membrane is like the wall material and the nuclear lamina is like the insulation between the wall material and the interior of the building.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The nuclear envelope can be analogized to the boundaries of a company. The nucleus is analogous to the CEO, while the cytoplasm is analogous to all other employees. The nuclear envelope serves as a boundary between the nucleus and the cytoplasm, much like company walls separate different parts of a building. This analogy highlights how important it is for the nucleus (CEO) to maintain control over all aspects of the company (cytoplasm).	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The vacuoles are like the company's bank account. The company can deposit money into the account, and then withdraw that money when it is needed. The vacuoles also help to store food and other resources for the cell.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a department within a company. This department is responsible for storing goods and materials in an organized way. Just like any other business, the vacuole must have some way to keep track of what it stores and where everything is located.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is a container used to store goods in a warehouse. The goods are placed in the vacuole and the vacuole is sealed. The vacuole can then be transported to another location.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "human resources" department of a business. It is responsible for making sure that all of the cells in the body have what they need to function properly.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "human resources" department in a company. It is responsible for supplying the cells with everything they need to function, including energy, proteins, and genetic material.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cytoplasm of a business is the employees. It is the substance that fills the cells and gives them their shape. The cytoplasm consists of organelles such as the nucleus, mitochondria, and ribosomes, as well as proteins and other molecules.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A chromosome is like a file cabinet in a business. The chromosomes are the folders and the genes are the papers inside the folders.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Chromosomes can be likened to the blueprints of a building. The chromosomes contain all of the genetic information necessary to construct an organism.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Chromosomes are like folders in a file cabinet. They store the genetic information for an organism.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the "office space" within a cell. It is where all the cellular machinery is located and it contains all the nutrients and molecules that the cell needs to function.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the "office space" of a cell. It is where all the important business - such as protein synthesis and gene expression - takes place.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the "office." This is where all the action happens - it's where proteins are synthesized, enzymes are manufactured, and cellular processes occur. The cytosol is also responsible for packaging and delivering newly created molecules to their appropriate destinations within the cell.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for a cell would be to think of it as an office. The cells are the employees and the nucleus is the boss. The nucleus controls what goes on in the office and tells the employees what to do.	cell	Explain cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has its own employees (proteins) and its own products (RNA and DNA). The cell also has its own customers (other cells).	cell	Explain cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has its own employees, products, and services. It also has its own finances and marketing strategy.	cell	Explain cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Vesicles are like small, private meeting rooms within a company. They can be used for a variety of purposes, such as holding confidential discussions or hosting small presentations. Vesicles offer privacy and discretion, which is why they are often used for sensitive matters.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
One way to think about vesicles is as small, specialized "packaging" cells. Just as a business might use small packages to mail important documents or products, vesicles can package and deliver tiny bits of genetic information (molecules called mRNA) throughout the cell. This process helps ensure that the right genes are turned on or off in different parts of the cell, allowing it to carry out its specific functions.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
One possible analogy for vesicles is the way a company might use envelopes to mail letters. The company puts its letter into an envelope, seals it, and then mails it. Inside the envelope is the letter itself, as well as other materials (e.g., a stamp, address label) that help get the letter where it needs to go. Vesicles are similar in that they enclose something else—in this case, proteins or DNA molecules—and help transport it from one place to another within the cell.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A cell wall is like a company's firewall. It protects the inside of the cell from things that could harm it, like bacteria or viruses.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a company's firewall. It is a barrier that keeps unwanted intruders out and protects the company's internal systems from being compromised. The cell wall also helps to maintain the shape and integrity of the cell.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cell wall can be thought of as the company's firewall. It is a barrier that helps to protect the cells from harm and infection.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Cells can be thought of as the individual employees in a business. Just like cells work together to form tissues and organs, employees work together to form a company. Cells carry out specific functions within the body just like employees have specialized roles in a business. And finally, both cells and businesses need energy to survive - in the case of cells, this comes from food and oxygen; for businesses, it comes from revenue generated by sales.	cells	Explain cells using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of resources and it can only do so much. But, if it works with other cells, it can create something larger and more powerful.	cells	Explain cells using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Cells can be thought of as the basic building blocks of life. Just as a business needs employees to function, cells need organelles to carry out specific functions in order for the cell to survive. Cells also require energy and nutrients in order to grow and divide.	cells	Explain cells using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a business. The cell membrane is the board of directors, it makes all the important decisions for the company (such as what to produce and how to market it). The cytoplasm is like the employees, they carry out the orders of the board of directors. The nucleus is like the CEO, it oversees everything that goes on in the company and makes sure things are running smoothly.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A cell membrane can be thought of as a business. The cell is the company and the membrane is the barrier that separates it from the outside world. The membrane controls what goes in and out of the cell, just like a business controls what comes in and out of its doors.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cell membrane can be likened to the walls of a business. The cell membrane is selectively permeable, meaning that it allows certain things to pass through while keeping other things out. This is analogous to how a business restricts access to some areas while allowing others to be accessed by employees and customers. The cell membrane also has receptors that allow it to interact with its environment, just as a business would have sensors that allow it to detect what is happening in its surroundings.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A golgi body is an organelle in a eukaryotic cell that processes and packages proteins for transport from the endoplasmic reticulum to other parts of the cell or to the outside of the cell. A good analogy for this would be to think about the golgi body as a shipping and receiving department in a business. The proteins are processed and packaged here and then sent off to where they need to go.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The golgi body can be thought of as the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, packages them into secretory vesicles, and sends them to their destinations in the cell.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The golgi body can be thought of as the shipping and receiving department for a business. It is responsible for packaging and delivering products (proteins) to different parts of the cell.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When two people are friends, their friendship forms a capacitor. Capacitance is the ability to store energy in an electric field. In this analogy, the friends are the electrodes and the amount of charge they have stored is like voltage. The more friends you have, the more capacitance you have.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The capacitance of a company is the total value of its assets minus the total value of its liabilities.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
When you purchase a product from a company, the company has to balance its books in order to ensure it is making a profit. The products that are sold must be balanced by the money coming in from sales. In the same way, capacitance is about balancing electric charge. When you create an electric field, you are putting energy into the system. This energy needs somewhere to go, and so it accumulates on the capacitor plates. The capacitance of a device is simply a measure of how much energy it can store before becoming overwhelmed.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Electric current is like a flow of money. Just as businesses need to have a continuous flow of cash in order to operate, electric circuits need a continuous flow of electricity in order to function.	electric current	Explain electric current using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
An electric current is like a flow of money in a business. Just as money must keep flowing to keep the business going, so too must electricity continue to flow to power devices.	electric current	Explain electric current using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Electric current is much like the flow of money in a business. Just as money needs to be flowing in order for the business to operate, electric current is needed to power devices. The more money that flows into the business, the more it can grow and expand. In the same way, more electric current means more power for devices.	electric current	Explain electric current using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Voltage can be thought of as the "pressure" or "force" behind an electric current. Just as a business needs to have a certain amount of money (voltage) in order to operate, an electric circuit needs to have a certain voltage in order for electricity to flow.	voltage	Explain voltage using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When you go to the store and buy a gallon of milk, the cashier hands you a gallon of milk. The voltage is like the number on the gallon of milk that indicates how much pressure is inside the container.	voltage	Explain voltage using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Volts are like dollars in a bank account. They represent potential energy that can be used to do work. Just as you can withdraw money from your bank account when needed, you can use electricity from a voltage source to power devices or do work.	voltage	Explain voltage using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Cellular specialization can be compared to a business with different functions and departments. For example, you might have a human resources department, a marketing department, and an accounting department. Each of these departments has a specific function within the company. Similarly, cells specialize in different tasks that are necessary for the functioning of the organism as a whole. Cells communicate with each other to ensure that all of the specialized functions are carried out properly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The business analogy would be that the cell is like a small company. The different parts of the cell are like the different employees in the company. The nucleus is like the boss and it tells all of the other parts what to do. The cytoplasm is like the office where all of the work gets done.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Cellular specialization is a bit like having different departments in a company. For example, you might have a marketing department, a sales department, and a customer service department. Each of these departments has its own set of specialized skills and responsibilities that allow the company to function as a whole. In the same way, cells specialize in order to carry out specific functions for the organism. Cells communicate with each other to relay information about what they're doing and how they can best work together to support the organism.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Kirchoff's Voltage Law states that the sum of all voltages in a closed loop is zero. This law can be explained using a business analogy as follows: imagine you are running a business and have several departments (e.g., accounting, marketing, etc.). Each department is responsible for generating revenue and/or reducing costs within the company. If you add up all of the revenues generated by each department and subtract all of the costs associated with each department, the total amount should be zero (assuming no other expenses exist). This analogy can be applied to electrical circuits by thinking of each component in the circuit as a department in a business. The voltage across each component is analogous to the revenue generated by that component, while the current through each component is analogous to the cost associated with that component.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of voltages in a closed loop (or circuit) is zero. This means that the voltage at any point in a circuit is equal to the sum of the voltages at all other points in the circuit, less any voltages dropped across components in the circuit. The law can be explained using a business analogy with a flow chart. In this analogy, each box represents a component in the electrical system and each arrow represents an electric current. The sum of all currents into a box must be equal to the sum of all currents out of that box, or else there would be an accumulation or deficit of charge within that box (voltage).	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In a business, the total voltage is the sum of all the voltages. In an electrical circuit, the total voltage is the sum of all the voltages around a closed loop.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A density wave is a business phenomenon where the number of customers in a store at any given time follows a pattern. The store may be busy at some times and slow at others.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
A density wave is like a business cycle. At some points in time, there are more people wanting to buy goods and services than there are sellers. This causes the prices of goods and services to increase as businesses try to take advantage of the high demand. As the number of buyers decreases, so does the price of goods and services. Eventually, the number of buyers reaches a low point and the prices for goods and services return to their original levels	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A density wave is a pattern of increased or decreased density in matter. A good analogy for this would be to imagine people in a crowd. At some points, the crowd will be more dense than others. This corresponds to a higher concentration of people at that point in space. Similarly, there can be areas where the crowd is less dense, corresponding to lower concentrations of people.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like the workers in a business. They do all the hard work to make the company run smoothly. Enzymes help break down food so that our bodies can use it for energy.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In business, enzymes can be thought of as the workers who carry out the tasks needed to keep the company running. They are essential for converting raw materials into finished products, and they work tirelessly behind the scenes to make sure everything is done efficiently. Just like in a business, if there were no enzymes present in our bodies, we would not be able to function properly.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like the employees of a business. They do all of the work in the business and help it to function properly. Enzymes are responsible for chemical reactions that occur in the body, and without them, these reactions would not happen.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
There are three basic areas of human memory: sensory, short-term, and long-term. Sensory memory is like a holding tank for incoming information; it's the first place information goes after you see it, hear it, or touch it. The duration of sensory memory is very brief—only about 1 to 2 seconds. Short-term memory is where information is held temporarily before being either forgotten or transferred to long-term memory. The capacity of short-term memory varies from person to person but is usually limited to around 7 plus or minus 2 items. Long-term memory is where information is stored permanently. It has an almost unlimited capacity and can store everything from trivial facts to complex knowledge."In terms of a business analogy, sensorymemory would be like the company's initial marketing research;short-termmemory would be like focus groups; andlong-termsmemory would be like market analysis	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Active Memory is like a computer's Random Access Memory (RAM). It is where data and programs are stored when they are actively being used. The more active memory you have, the more things you can keep in mind at once. Just like with a computer, if you don't have enough RAM, your system will start to slow down.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The human active memory system can be compared to a business with many employees. The employees are constantly working and processing information, and the manager is responsible for organizing and directing their work. The employees might forget some of the details from time to time, but the manager can remind them or help them recall what they need to know.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. This analogy would be like trying to sell a product but having a very slow salesperson. No matter how good your product is, if the salesperson can't move it, you won't make any money.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Rate-determining step of a reaction can be explained using a business analogy. In most businesses, there is one key process that determines how quickly the company can produce its product or service. This process is known as the rate-determining step. The same is true for chemical reactions; the rate at which a reaction occurs is largely determined by the slowest step in the process.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the bottleneck in the production process. The faster that bottleneck can be cleared, the more products will be produced overall.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
Column chromatography can be thought of as a process that businesses use to separate different types of products. For example, a business might use column chromatography to separate ink from paper. In the same way, column chromatography can be used to separate different compounds in a mixture.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Column chromatography is like using a phone book to find a business. The business is listed in the phone book, and you can look up the address and contact information. Column chromatography is a way of separating compounds that are dissolved in a solvent. The compound that you are looking for will be on one side of the column, and the other compounds will be on the other side.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Column chromatography can be thought of as an assembly line in a business. The different components (or products) are placed in order and pass by workers who perform specific tasks on each one. At the end of the line, the products are packaged and ready for sale.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The business analogy for dynamic chemical equilibrium is a company that has just started up and is trying to find its niche in the market. The company is constantly experimenting with new products and services in an effort to find something that customers want and will buy. Sometimes the products and services are successful, but other times they are not. In order for the company to be successful, it needs to keep experimenting until it finds a product or service that people want and are willing to pay for.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a business that has been successful for many years. The company has a well-developed product line, good customer service, and a strong brand name. However, the market conditions are changing and the competition is getting tougher. To stay competitive, the company needs to continue innovating and developing new products. It also needs to find ways to reduce costs and improve efficiency. If it can do these things, then it will be able to maintain its position in the market.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is a situation where two or more substances are in a state of balance. In order for this equilibrium to be maintained, the rate at which the reactants are converted into products must be equal to the rate at which the products are converted back into reactants. A business analogy can help to illustrate this concept. Imagine that you own a small business that manufactures widgets. You have two machines that produce widgets: Machine A and Machine B. If you want to maintain a steady flow of widgets, you need to make sure that the number of widgets produced by Machine A is equal to the number of widgets produced by Machine B. If not, widget production will either increase or decrease until equilibrium is restored.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a storage unit for the cell. Just like a business might need to store extra inventory or documents, the cell needs a place to put things it doesn't need right away. The vacuole is also responsible for getting rid of waste products from the cell.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a company's warehouse. It stores things (in this case, water and food) until they are needed.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a storage unit for the cell. The space inside the vacuole is filled with water and other molecules that the cell needs to survive.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
One could think of transport vesicles as cargo trucks. The cell produces these specialized sac-like structures to carry molecules or other cellular components from one part of the cell to another. Just like a business might use trucks to transport goods from one location to another, cells use transport vesicles to move cellular material around their interior.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The cells of a multicellular organism are like a business. The nucleus is the CEO, and it oversees the production of proteins by the ribosomes (the assembly line workers). The transport vesicles are like trucks that carry the finished products to where they're needed.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a delivery truck. The vesicle carries cargo (proteins) from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like a company's R&D department. They are responsible for developing new products (proteins) that can make the company successful. Sometimes, these proto-oncogenes make mistakes and produce proteins that can cause cancer (the company goes bankrupt).	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like a company's sales force. They promote cell growth and division, which is necessary for normal tissue function. However, when these genes become mutated, they can cause the cells to grow and divide out of control, leading to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like entrepreneurs. They are the ones who come up with new ideas for businesses, and they are responsible for starting up new companies. Sometimes these proto-oncogenes can cause cancer by making cells grow and divide too quickly, but they also play an important role in normal cell growth.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
An oncogene is a gene that, when mutated, can cause cancer. In analogy form, an oncogene would be something like a faulty product line in a business. If this product line is not fixed or discontinued, it could lead to serious financial trouble for the company. The same concept applies to oncogenes: if they are not fixed or stopped, they could lead to serious health problems, including cancer.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Oncogenes are like a successful business. They are essential for cell growth and division, and when they work properly, they help the cell grow and divide in a healthy way. But sometimes oncogenes can become mutated or damaged, and this can cause the cells to grow out of control and form tumors.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Oncogenes are like a chain of fast food restaurants. They are responsible for producing the proteins that allow cells to grow and divide rapidly, which is necessary for normal growth and development. However, when these oncogenes become mutated, they can cause cells to grow and divide out of control, leading to cancer.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the board of directors for a business. They make sure that all of the important functions of the company are running smoothly and that everything is in order. If something goes wrong, they are responsible for fixing it. Tumor suppressor genes do this by regulating how cells grow and divide. When they stop working properly, tumors can form.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a quality control department in a business. The quality control department ensures that the products produced by the business are of high quality and meet the standards set by the company. The tumor suppressor gene does the same for cells in the body. It helps to ensure that cells grow and divide normally, without becoming cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Suppose you own a small business. You have worked hard to make it successful, but there is always the risk that something could happen and your business could fail. One way to help protect your business is to install a security system. This system will detect any threats early and warn you so you can take action to prevent any damage.Tumor suppressor genes are like this security system for your body. They detect any signs of cancer early, before it has a chance to spread, and warn the body so it can take action to stop the cancer from growing.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When something is brittle, it means that it's weak and easily broken. In the business world, this might refer to a company that's not very strong and can be pushed around by its competitors quite easily. Similarly, brittle software might be easy to crash or break, making it difficult to use and unreliable.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Brittle software is the equivalent of a business that is dependent on a single customer. If that customer disappears, the business will struggle or fail. In the same way, brittle software depends on a single component or system and if it fails, the software will not work.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
If you think of software as a product, it can be easy to break, or brittle. This means that if there is even the slightest change in how the software is used or in the environment where it is used, it might not work properly anymore. Brittle software can be expensive and time-consuming to fix, which can hurt a business's bottom line.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Resonance hybrid is an analogy to describe how a company's different divisions work together to create value for the business as a whole. Each division is like a vibrating string on a guitar, and when they all vibrate at the same frequency, they create a strong note that is greater than the sum of its parts. In this analogy, each division represents one note on the guitar, and the company's overall sound (or value) is created by combining all of these notes together.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In business, resonance hybrid is a term used to describe a situation where two or more entities work together to create a powerful effect. For example, in a company with multiple divisions, each division may have its own goals and objectives, but the company as a whole can achieve much more by working together towards a common goal. The different divisions are like resonating frequencies that combine to create something greater than the individual parts.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
A resonance hybrid is a molecule that contains more than one type of atom. These atoms are held together by covalent bonds. The different types of atoms can be thought of as employees in a business. Each atom has its own unique role (type of job) and contributes to the overall goal of the company (molecule).	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In the wave mechanical model of a business, each individual in the company is an atom and the transactions between them are waves. The strength of the waves depends on how close together the atoms are (similar to frequency). Waves that pass through more atoms have a higher amplitude than those that pass through less.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A wave-mechanical model of a business is one in which the individual elements (workers, managers, customers, etc.) are considered to be waves that pass through and interact with each other. In this model, the waves can be thought of as representing different aspects of the business (e.g., customer demand, employee productivity, stock prices) and the interactions between them represent how these aspects influence each other. This type of model can be used to help understand how changes in one element can affect all the others.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a business analogy involving waves of customers. The customer arrival process can be modeled as a Poisson process, which is characterized by a constant average arrival rate. In the context of customer arrivals, this means that new customers arrive at a fixed rate over time. The service time for each customer can be modeled using an exponential distribution, which is another type of discrete distribution that describes the time it takes to provide a service or complete some other task. This means that the time it takes to serve each customer is exponentially distributed with a mean value equal to the reciprocal of the average arrival rate (1/λ). Finally, suppose we have N servers available to provide service. When all N servers are busy, new customers will queue up and wait for one of the free servers to become available. The length of time customers spend waiting in line (the queuing delay) can be modeled using either an exponential or Erlang distribution.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The electroencephalogram can be thought of as a way to measure the "mental chatter" of the brain. It is essentially a graph that shows the electrical activity of the brain over time. This can be helpful for diagnosing conditions such as epilepsy, and can also provide information about how well different parts of the brain are functioning.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The electroencephalogram (EEG) is a measure of the electrical activity of the brain. It can be thought of as similar to a heart rate monitor, which measures the electrical activity of the heart. Just as a doctor might look at someone's heart rate to get an idea about their overall health, doctors can look at someone's EEG to get an idea about their overall brain health.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
An electroencephalogram is like a reading of the electricity usage in your brain. Just as you can see how much power different appliances are using on your electric bill, an EEG can show which parts of your brain are active during different activities.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
DNA replication can be likened to a business process where different teams of employees work together to create a product. The DNA molecule is like the product that is being created, and the individual genes are like the parts that make up the DNA molecule. The team of enzymes that helps to replicate DNA is analogous to the assembly line workers who put together the different parts of the product.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When a business is started, it has to create an initial product or service. This first creation is similar to the DNA that makes up a living cell. The business then needs to market and sell this new product or service in order to generate revenue and grow. Just like cells divide and replicate, the business must also continue to produce new products or services and expand its customer base in order to thrive.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a business that manufactures products. The business has a blueprint for the product it wants to make, and the employees use the blueprint to manufacture the product. The DNA molecule is like the blueprint, and the enzymes are like the employees.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When a business needs to create a new document, it will often first create a rough draft. This is similar to transcription, where the DNA sequence is first copied into RNA without any regulation. The next step would be for the business to revise and edit the document, which is similar to post-transcriptional modification of RNA. Finally, the business would print out the final copy of the document, much like how proteins are created from messenger RNA.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The process of RNA transcription can be likened to the process of producing a product in a factory. The "factory" is the cell, and the "product" is mRNA. In order to produce mRNA, DNA must first be transcribed into RNA. This occurs in the nucleus of the cell, where the DNA is located. The enzyme that carries out this process is called RNA polymerase.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
RNA transcription can be thought of as a business process. The "boss" (DNA) provides the instructions for making a product (protein). These instructions are written down in a set of plans or blueprints (mRNA). A group of workers called ribosomes reads the plans and makes the product according to the boss's directions.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Protein translation can be thought of as a business. The mRNA is the blueprint for the protein, and the ribosomes are the factory workers who put together the protein according to the instructions in the mRNA.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The process of protein translation can be likened to a business that manufactures products. The mRNA is the blueprint for the product and the ribosomes are the assembly line. The tRNAs act as workers who carry the amino acids to the ribosomes, where they are put together to form a protein.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Protein translation is a lot like making a pizza. The recipe for the pizza dough is first mixed and then left to rise. Once it has risen, it is divided into small balls, which are then flattened and placed on a baking sheet. The tomatoes, cheese, and other toppings are then added to each pizza before it goes into the oven.Similarly, the genetic code for a protein is first mixed together in one place (the cytoplasm). This mixture of DNA and proteins is called mRNA (molecules that carry information from the nucleus to the cytoplasm). The mRNA travels out of the nucleus and into the cytoplasm, where it encounters ribosomes. These tiny structures latch onto the mRNA molecule and start reading its sequence of codons (units of genetic code). As they read each codon, they assemble an amino acid according to instructions provided by another molecule called tRNA (transport RNA). When all of the codons have been read, the completed protein chains exit from the ribosomes and go off to do their job in the cell.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
An ecosystem is like a business. The different parts of the business all work together to create something valuable (a product or service). The parts of the ecosystem interact with each other and depend on each other in order to survive.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a company. The different parts of the business (e.g., human resources, accounting, marketing) work together to create a product or service that is sold to customers. In the same way, the different parts of an ecosystem (e.g., plants, animals, insects) work together to create a habitat that supports life.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In business, an ecosystem is a group of organizations that interact with one another to create a larger whole. The businesses in an ecosystem can be suppliers, customers, or partners. They all work together to achieve common goals.In the same way, an ecosystem consists of different parts that interact with each other to form a larger system. The different parts of an ecosystem include plants, animals, and microorganisms. They all work together to create balance in the environment and support each other's survival.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Action potentials propagate down a neuron like word-of-mouth marketing. Once an action potential is generated at the dendrite, it travels down the axon to the next neuron. This process can be likened to how a rumor spreads from person to person. The initial message (action potential) starts off small, but with each passing interaction, it grows in size until it reaches its final destination.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The action potential is the message, like an email. The neuron is the computer that sends and receives the messages. When an action potential arrives at a synapse, it causes neurotransmitters to be released into the synaptic cleft. These neurotransmitters cross over to the other neuron and attach to receptor sites. This triggers another electrical impulse in the receiving neuron, which spreads down its length until it reaches another synapse.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When an action potential reaches a neuron's terminal, it causes the release of neurotransmitters. These neurotransmitters diffuse across the synaptic cleft and bind to receptors on the postsynaptic neuron, causing it to fire. This process is similar to how a company transmits information down its organizational chart. The CEO sends orders to the vice president, who sends them to the managers, who send them to the employees.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The frog's breathing mechanism can be compared to a business that is in need of money. The business borrows money from a bank, and then uses the money to invest in itself by buying new equipment or hiring more employees. The business then begins to generate more revenue, which pays off the loan and allows the company to keep the extra money it made. In the same way, when a frog breathes in, it takes in air from its surroundings. This air contains oxygen, which diffuses into the frog's bloodstream. When the frog breathes out, it exhales carbon dioxide	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Breathing is like a company's cash flow. The frog takes in oxygen from the air and uses it to power its cells. This process is similar to a business taking in money from customers and using it to pay bills and employees.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to a business' marketing strategy. Just as a business needs to identify its target market and craft a message that resonates with that audience, frogs use their vocal cords to produce sounds that attract mates or intimidate rivals. They also adjust the pitch of their croaks depending on the environment, much like businesses adapt their advertising strategies to different settings.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A layered architecture is like a layer cake. Each layer is built on top of the previous one, and each layer serves a specific purpose. The bottom layer is the foundation, which supports the upper layers. The topmost layer is the icing, which provides a decorative finish and adds flavor.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A company is like a pyramid. The CEO is at the top, and the employees are at the bottom. The CEO is responsible for making decisions that affect the entire company. Employees make decisions that affect their department or team, and they are responsible for implementing those decisions. Employees report to managers, who in turn report to directors. Directors report to vice presidents, who report to the CEO. This hierarchy allows companies to be efficient and organized by separating decision-making from implementation.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A layered architecture is like a business with different departments. The CEO is at the top, and each layer below him represents a different department. The marketing department is responsible for creating and executing the company's marketing plan, while the accounting department is responsible for tracking and reporting the company's financial performance. Each layer interacts with the layers above it, but each layer also has its own responsibilities that don't overlap with the other layers.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In a business, if there are more products than customers, the excess products will go to waste. In the same way, if there are more reactants than can be used in a chemical reaction, the excess reactants will also go to waste. The limiting reactant is the one that is in shortest supply and determines how much of the product can be made.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is like a limited supply of raw materials that a business has to work with. The other reactants are like the workers in the business who can use the raw materials to create something new. If there is not enough of the limiting reactant, then the workers will not be able to make as much product as they would like. An excess reactant is like having too much of a good thing. It's like having extra workers who don't have anything to do because there is more than enough of the raw material they need.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
If a business produces more of a product than it can sell, the extra product is considered to be in excess. If there is not enough product to meet demand, then the business would be said to have a limiting reactant. In both cases, the unused or unsold product represents wasted resources.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell can be thought of as a small business. It has a CEO (the nucleus), assistants (mitochondria), and workers (various types of cells). The CEO gives instructions to the assistants, who pass them on to the workers. The workers carry out the instructions and report back to the CEO.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell can be thought of as a small business. This business has a chief executive officer (the nucleus), managers (ribosomes), workers (proteins and enzymes), and customers (other cells). The CEO is responsible for making sure the company runs smoothly, while the managers are in charge of specific areas of operation. The workers carry out the day-to-day tasks required to keep the business running, and the customers are the other businesses that this company interacts with.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a small business. It has a CEO (the nucleus), managers (the organelles), employees (the cytoplasm), and customers (the surrounding cells).	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of resources and it must use them efficiently in order to survive. The prokaryotic cell must also be able to adapt quickly to changes in its environment in order to thrive.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of space and resources, and it must compete for those resources with other cells. The prokaryotic cell must also be able to adapt quickly to changes in its environment.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of resources and it must compete for them with other cells.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The kernel is the part of an operating system that interacts directly with the hardware. It manages memory, processes, and I/O requests from applications. In a business analogy, the kernel would be like the CEO. It makes decisions about how to allocate resources and respond to requests from employees.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The kernel of an operating system can be thought of as the "brain" or "central processing unit" of the system. Just like in a business, the kernel is responsible for managing resources, controlling access to information, and executing tasks. In addition, the kernel provides a common interface between software applications and the underlying hardware. This allows different applications to run on different types of hardware without having to rewrite code for each platform.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The kernel of an operating system is like the engine of a car. It provides basic functionality that all other parts of the system depend on, and it handles low-level tasks such as managing memory and executing instructions. Just as a car needs an engine to run, a computer needs a kernel to function.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A limited number of tickets are available for a popular concert. The more people who want to go to the concert, the fewer tickets will be available. In this analogy, the people wanting to attend the concert are analogous to reactants and the tickets are analogous to limiting reagents.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in a business. It is the ingredient or material that is in shortest supply and therefore limits the amount of product that can be made.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in a business. It is the component of a chemical reaction that is used up first and limits the amount of product that can be made.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A helicase is a bit like the CEO of a company. They are responsible for making sure things run smoothly and that all the necessary tasks are carried out. In the case of helicases, they make sure DNA is unravelled and copied correctly during replication.	helicase	Explain helicase using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The helicase enzyme is like a salesperson who is trying to sell a product. The product (DNA) is inside of a box, and the helicase enzyme is working hard to open up the box so that the DNA can be sold.	helicase	Explain helicase using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Helicase is a protein that helps to unwind DNA. It can be thought of as an office worker who helps to keep things organized by taking files off the shelf and putting them back in their correct place. In the same way, helicase helps to keep DNA organized by unraveling it when it becomes tangled.	helicase	Explain helicase using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the managers of a business. They are responsible for overseeing the entire process, ensuring that everything runs smoothly and that all the necessary steps are taken to produce a successful outcome. They work closely with all other employees, coordinating their activities and providing guidance when needed. And like good managers, they stay on top of things even when things get hectic, making sure that no detail is forgotten and that everyone is working together towards the same goal.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the managers of a business. They make sure that all the necessary resources are in place so that the business can run smoothly. In the case of DNA replication, these proteins help to ensure that all of the DNA is accurately copied during replication.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the managers or CEOs of a business. They are responsible for organizing and coordinating the activities of the workers (the DNA polymerases) so that the company's products (replicated DNA molecules) are produced efficiently and accurately.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Ligase can be thought of as the glue that binds two pieces of paper together. In a similar way, ligase is responsible for binding DNA strands together to form a new molecule.	ligase	Explain ligase using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Ligase is similar to a secretary in a business. The secretary can type letters and make phone calls for the boss. Ligase can help put together pieces of DNA so they can be used by the cell.	ligase	Explain ligase using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. In the business world, it would be like a person who helps to connect two businesses together so they can work together and share resources.	ligase	Explain ligase using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A control block is a collection of data that is used to manage and regulate a business process. The control block collects information about the current state of the process, and it uses this information to make decisions about how to proceed. The control block can also be used to track the results of past actions, so that future decisions can be made based on actual experience.	process control block	Explain process control block using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
A process control block (PCB) is a data structure in a computer operating system that describes the state of one or more processes. A PCB contains information about the process, including its unique identifier, priority, CPU time used, memory usage and status flags.  analogy: PCBs can be seen as an employee's file folder. This file folder would contain all pertinent information on the employee such as their name, social security number, date of birth, job title etc.	process control block	Explain process control block using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In business, a process control block would be like a manager. The manager oversees the work that is being done in the office and ensures that things are running smoothly. They also make sure that employees are meeting their goals and deadlines. In the same way, a process control block supervises the execution of tasks within a program and makes sure that everything is running as it should be.	process control block	Explain process control block using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Message encoding is a process of translating readable text into an encoded form. This can be done for security reasons, to save space, or to make the text easier to transmit over a network. An analogy would be sending a package through the mail. The package is wrapped in paper and sealed with tape. A special code is written on the tape that must be deciphered in order to open the package.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The encoding of a message is similar to the packaging of a product. The packaging protects the product and also provides information about what is inside. Similarly, encoding a message protects it from being tampered with and also provides information about its contents.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Message encoding is like sending a package through the mail. The message is placed in a container (envelope), which is then sealed and addressed to the recipient. The package is then transported to a post office, where it is placed on a truck and driven to the recipient's mailbox.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
If you think of receptor sites as being like customers in a business, and the drugs as being like salespeople, then you can imagine that when the drug interacts with the receptor site, it's sort of like the customer buying something from the salesperson. The more receptors a drug can interact with, the more "customers" it can potentially reach, and thus the more effective it may be at producing its desired effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
If you think of receptor sites as people, then drugs can be thought of as salespeople. When a drug approaches a receptor site, it tries to convince the receptor site to buy its product. If the drug is successful, it will bind to the receptor site and cause it to change its behavior.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
If a business is expecting more customers than it can currently serve, it may need to expand its facilities or hire more employees. The same is true for receptor sites on cells. If the number of drug molecules trying to bind exceeds the number of receptor sites available, the cell will not be able to respond and the drug will have no effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A monitor is like a manager in a business. The manager oversees the work that is being done and makes sure that everything runs smoothly. The monitor also ensures that all of the workers are doing their job correctly and efficiently.	monitor	Explain monitor using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A monitor is like a supervisor in a business. They are responsible for overseeing the work that is being done, ensuring that it is completed correctly and on time, and providing feedback and guidance as needed.	monitor	Explain monitor using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A monitor is like a supervisor in a business. They are responsible for overseeing the work that is being done and ensuring that it meets the standards that have been set.	monitor	Explain monitor using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The CPU is the "brains" of the computer. It processes all instructions and data that are sent to it by software programs.	cpu	Explain cpu using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
CPUs can be thought of as the brains of a computer. They are responsible for performing all the calculations necessary to run programs and applications. In business terms, CPUs can be seen as the executives or managers who make decisions that affect the overall operation of the company.	cpu	Explain cpu using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
If you think of a CPU as the brains of a computer, then think of the various parts of a computer as its muscles. The motherboard is like the skeleton, providing support and connecting all the different parts. RAM is like short-term memory, where programs and data are stored when they're actively being used. The hard drive is like long-term memory, storing everything that's been saved on the computer. And finally, the graphics card determines how your computer will display images onscreen.	cpu	Explain cpu using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the foundation of a business. Just as every business needs a strong foundation to operate, every computer needs a motherboard to function. The motherboard provides the essential connections and circuitry that allow all of the different parts of the computer to work together. It's also responsible for managing power and ensuring that everything runs smoothly.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the foundation or main structure of a business. It is responsible for holding everything together and providing a platform for all other operations. Likewise, a motherboard is responsible for assembling and organizing all components within the computer, enabling communication between them.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The motherboard is the foundation of a computer. It holds all of the essential components and allows them to communicate with each other. Just like in business, the motherboard is critical for communication and organization within a company.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Ram is a computer term that stands for Random Access Memory. This type of memory is different than other storage devices because the user can access any piece of information without having to go through everything else first. This makes it very useful for programs that are running, as they can quickly grab whatever data they need from ram without having to wait.	ram	Explain ram using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
Ram can be thought of as working memory in a computer. It is a limited amount of memory that is available to the processor at any given time for use in processing information. In a business context, ram can be thought of as the short-term memory of an individual employee. This is the memory that is used to store and process information that is currently being worked on.	ram	Explain ram using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Ram can be thought of as working memory. Just as a business needs to keep track of its current inventory, sales, and other data in order to make informed decisions, a computer also needs to keep track of its current programs, open files, and other data in order to function properly. Ram is what allows this information to be stored temporarily so that the computer can access it quickly.	ram	Explain ram using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A power supply unit is a bit like a company's human resources department. It is responsible for making sure that the company has enough employees to do the work that needs to be done, and it also ensures that those employees have all of the tools they need to do their jobs properly. In the same way, a power supply unit is responsible for making sure that your computer has enough electricity to run properly, and it also provides your computer with all of the connectors it needs to connect to different pieces of hardware.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A company's power supply unit is its source of electricity. It is responsible for providing power to the company's offices, computers, and other electronic devices. Without a power supply unit, the company would be unable to function.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as the engine that powers a business. Just as an engine needs fuel to run, a PSU needs power to function. The PSU converts AC current from the wall outlet into DC current that is needed by the computer's components. It also regulates the voltage and monitors system temperatures, ensuring optimal performance.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A keyboard is like a telephone keypad. The letters and numbers on the keyboard are like the buttons on a phone. When you press a button on the phone, it sends an electrical signal to the other end of the line that causes someone's voice to be heard. When you press a key on the keyboard, it sends an electronic signal to the computer that causes something to happen on the screen.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The keyboard is the control center for a computer. It allows you to type in information and commands that tell the computer what to do.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
The keyboard is a tool that helps employees communicate with each other.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
The mouse is the CEO of a business. He or she makes all the important decisions for the company and directs its operations. The mouse's employees are the other mice in the office, who carry out his or her orders.	mouse	Explain mouse using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is used as a symbol of the computer industry.	mouse	Explain mouse using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
A mouse is like a customer service representative. They are helpful, quick to respond, and always willing to help solve any problem you may have.	mouse	Explain mouse using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
An audio card can be thought of as a secretary in a business. The secretary is responsible for handling all the communication within the office. In the same way, an audio card is responsible for handling all the communication between your computer and your speakers or headphones.	audio card	Explain audio card using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
An audio card can be thought of as a secretary that helps manage and organize the flow of communication within an office. The audio card receives information from various sources, such as microphones or phone lines, and directs it to the appropriate destination, whether it is a speaker or recording device.	audio card	Explain audio card using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
An audio card can be thought of as a secretary for a business. The audio card helps manage and keep track of all the important information related to the company's sound files. It also helps ensure that employees have access to quality sound when they need it.	audio card	Explain audio card using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A video card can be thought of as a secretary for a business. The video card helps to manage and organize the information that is being processed by the computer. It also helps to display that information on the screen in a clear and concise manner.	video card	Explain video card using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A video card can be thought of as a type of software that helps a computer display images and videos on the screen. Just like different businesses might need different types of software to run their operations, different computers might need different types of video cards to display videos correctly.	video card	Explain video card using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A video card can be thought of as a specialized type of computer printer. Just like a regular printer prints text and images on paper, a video card prints images on the screen of your computer.	video card	Explain video card using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Just as a company's age is calculated by subtracting the year it was founded from the current year, a tree's age is calculated by subtracting the year it was planted from the current year.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A tree's age is calculated similarly to the way a company calculates its depreciation expenses. The company begins with the purchase price of the asset and then subtracts any accumulated depreciation to arrive at the current value of the asset. In terms of trees, this would be equivalent to starting with the tree's original height and then subtracting all of the growth that has occurred since it was planted.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Assuming a tree grows at a rate of 1" per year, after 10 years the tree would be 10" tall. After 100 years the tree would be 100" tall.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
Glycolysis is the process of turning glucose into pyruvate. In business terms, glycolysis is the process of taking raw materials and converting them into a product that can be sold. The raw materials in this analogy are glucose and oxygen, while the product is pyruvate.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for glycolysis would be the process of making a product in a factory. The glucose is like the raw materials that are put into the factory, and the products (pyruvate, NADH, ATP) are like the finished product that comes out of the factory.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Glycolysis can be thought of as the process of producing energy that a business needs to run. The glucose that is taken in by the business is converted into energy, just as it is in glycolysis. This energy is then used to power the business and allow it to grow.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The anti-stokes scattering process can be thought of as a customer who is dissatisfied with a product and decides to return it to the store. The customer (light) travels in one direction (the emission direction), but then turns around and goes back in the opposite direction (the scattering direction).	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Anti-Stokes scattering can be best explained in terms of a business analogy. When light is scattered by particles in the air, it is similar to customers being scattered by workers in a store. The anti-stokes scattering process is when an individual customer (representing a photon) leaves the store and walks back in, which causes other customers to scatter as well.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
If a business is losing money, it needs to take action to stop the losses. Anti-stokes scattering is a process that can help businesses do just that by reducing the amount of heat that is lost.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Stokes scattering is the phenomenon that occurs when a fast-moving particle collides with a slower-moving particle. This collision causes the particles to scatter in all directions.A good analogy for this would be two cars driving on the highway. If one car is going much faster than the other, it will cause the slower car to scatter in all directions.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The scattering of light by small particles is similar to the scattering of sound by small objects. Just as a businessperson's voice is heard more clearly when they are close to the listener, light is scattered more strongly when it comes from a small object that is close to its source.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Stokes scattering is the process by which light particles interact with one another as they pass through a substance. This interaction creates a random pattern of light and dark areas that can be seen when looking at an object that has been scatted. You can think of stokes scattering as the way in which different businesses compete for your attention in a busy city. The businesses are all trying to get your attention, but each one is doing it in its own unique way. As you walk down the street, you will see different lights and signs advertising different products and services. Some businesses will be louder than others, some will be more brightly lit, and some will have catchy slogans or logos. But regardless of how loud, bright, or creative they are, none of these businesses can force you to pay attention to them if you don't want to. It's up to you whether or not you're interested in what they have to offer.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The median lethal dose can be thought of as the point at which 50% of a population has died. This analogy can be used to explain how businesses work by using the example of a herd of cows. In this analogy, the business is the herd of cows and the customers are the wolves. The business works by providing a service or product that customers need or want. The goal is for the business to survive and thrive, but it's also important for each individual cow in the herd to survive. If too many cows die, then there won't be enough for future customers (i.e., if all the cows died, then there would be no business). However, it's also important that not too many cows die because then there wouldn't be enough profit (i.e., if all the cows died, then there would be no more revenue). Thus, like with any other organization, there needs to be a balance between survival and growth so that both short-term and long-term goals can be achieved	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The median lethal dose is the concentration of a toxin in a sample of fluid that is sufficient to kill 50% of the organisms within that sample. This can be thought of as the "toxic dose" or "lethal dose" for a given species. In business terms, it would be equivalent to the amount of toxin necessary to kill half of all employees within a company in a single year.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a toxin that is expected to kill half of a population of test animals. This can be thought of as the business equivalent of "break-even point." It is the level at which a company's costs are equal to its revenues, and it begins to make a profit. In other words, it is the point at which a company becomes sustainable.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The universe can be thought of as a business. The big bang was the company's creation story and the expansion of the universe is its growth. Stars are like businesses within the universe and planets are like their customers. Galaxies are like districts or states in which these businesses operate.	universe	Explain universe using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The universe is like a big business. It has a lot of different parts that work together to make it run. The sun is like the CEO, providing energy for everything else. The planets are like the employees, working hard to keep everything running smoothly. And the stars are like the customers, who enjoy looking at all the beauty and order in the universe.	universe	Explain universe using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The universe can be explained using a business analogy in that the universe is constantly expanding and evolving. Just as businesses must grow and expand to remain successful, so too does the universe. In addition, businesses must continually evolve to stay competitive and relevant, and so too does the universe. Finally, businesses need effective leadership in order to succeed, and the same is true for the universe.	universe	Explain universe using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Like a business, enzymes have a specific function that they carry out. They catalyze the conversion of one molecule into another. This is similar to how a company might specialize in producing a certain product or service. Enzymes are also able to work over and over again, similar to how a business might be successful multiple times with the same product or service.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Business analogy: Enzyme mechanism is like a group of people working together to get a job done. The enzyme is the group leader and the substrate is the task at hand. The other molecules are all helping out to make sure the job gets done quickly and efficiently.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like workers in a business. They do the work that is necessary to make the business run smoothly. Enzymes help convert food into energy for the body to use.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The anova business analogy can be used to help explain the concept of anova in a way that is easy to understand. The analogy compares an anova test to a focus group. In both cases, information is gathered from a group of people in order to make decisions about products or services. With an anova test, the goal is to determine whether there is a difference between the means of two or more groups. This information can be used to make decisions about how to market and sell products or services.	anova	Explain anova using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
There are many ways to compare the performance of two or more products. One way is to use a business analogy and look at it like a race. In this analogy, each product is a runner in a race. The goal is to see which product finishes first. To do this, we would create a table that looks something like this:  Product A Product B Product CIn order to get an accurate reading, we would need to record how much time each product took to finish the race. This information can be found by looking at the 'time' column in the table above. Once we have this data, we can perform an ANOVA test on it.	anova	Explain anova using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Suppose you are the manager of a large business. You have several divisions, each with its own vice president. You want to know if there is any difference in the performance of the divisions. To answer this question, you could conduct an analysis of variance (ANOVA). This would allow you to determine whether there is any statistically significant difference between the performance of the divisions.	anova	Explain anova using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
If you think of your thermostat as the boss of your heating and cooling system, it's easy to see how this small but mighty device can keep your home comfortable all year long. The thermostat is like a business manager, making sure that the temperature in your office is just right so everyone can be productive. It's also responsible for turning on the heat or air conditioning when needed, so you never have to worry about being too hot or cold.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A thermostat is like a boss. It sets the temperature for the office and everyone has to follow its rules.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A thermostat is like an employee who monitors the temperature in a building and makes sure it stays within a certain range. If the temperature gets too high or too low, the thermostat will adjust it accordingly.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is a state in which the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. A business analogy for this would be if a company were to reach a point where it had an equal number of customers buying its product as those returning it.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is a state in which the concentrations of reactants and products do not change with time. This can be likened to a business that has reached its break-even point, where profits and losses are equal. In this analogy, the reactants represent costs (the money spent on raw materials) and the products represent revenues (the money earned from sales). The concentration of reactants represents how much money is being invested in the company (the amount of raw materials used), while the concentration of products represents how much money the company is making. Just as in chemical equilibrium, when revenues and costs are equal, the company breaks even.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In business, a company wants to find an equilibrium point where it can produce the products it needs while also meeting the demands of its customers. In a similar way, chemical equilibrium is reached when the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. This allows for both the production and consumption of chemicals to happen at a steady rate.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for just-in-time would be a grocery store that orders food from its suppliers only as it is needed. This means that the store does not have to worry about having too much or too little food on hand, and it can avoid paying for spoilt goods.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Inventory is like a tank of gas in your car. The more gas you have, the more trips you can make. However, if you only have a few gallons of gas left in your tank, you're going to have to ration it out and make each trip count. The same goes for inventory in a business: the more stock you have on hand, the more products you can sell; but if you run out of stock, then customers will go elsewhere. Just-in-time (JIT) inventory management is a strategy that companies use to avoid running out of stock by only ordering new inventory when they need it. This way, businesses don't waste money on excess inventory that might not sell and they don't lose sales because they don't have any products to sell.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve efficiency and reduce waste by receiving goods only as they are needed. This analogy might be helpful: imagine you run a small bakery. In order to avoid having too much bread on hand, you only bake fresh loaves when someone orders them. You don't have any surplus bread taking up space in your bakery, and you're not wasting ingredients (flour, water, yeast) by preparing more dough than necessary.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
One example of adaptive immunity is the way businesses can change their products or services in order to meet customer needs. If a business finds that its customers want a product or service that it does not currently offer, it can create a new product or service to meet that need. The business can also adapt its current products and services to better meet the needs of its customers.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a company’s ability to change and grow in order to meet the needs of its customers. The immune system is constantly adapting, learning, and growing in response to new threats. Just as a company must innovate and adapt to stay competitive, the immune system must constantly evolve in order to protect us from new diseases.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The immune system can be thought of as a business that responds to various threats. The first line of defense is the innate immunity, which is like the security guard at the front desk. It responding quickly to any threat and trying to stop it from entering the building. If the threat gets past the security guard, then the adaptive immunity comes into play. This is like the team of specialists who are responsible for dealing with specific types of threats. They have been trained to deal with these threats and can respond quickly and effectively.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Just as a company's revenue is based on the number of products it sells multiplied by their price, an electric current (I) is based on the voltage (V) across a resistor divided by that resistor's resistance (R): I = V/R.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In business, there are certain laws that need to be followed in order for things to run smoothly. Ohm's law is one of these laws. It states that in an electrical circuit, the current flowing through it is directly proportional to the voltage applied to it. This means that if you increase the voltage, the current will also increase. In other words, if you want more electricity to flow through a wire, you need to apply a higher voltage.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In business, there is a concept of "equivalent units." For example, if you have 10 widgets and each widget is worth $1, then your total inventory is worth $10. However, if you have 2 boxes of 5 widgets each, then your total inventory is still worth $10 (this time it's just distributed in more places). In the same way, electricity can be thought of as flowing through wires in packets or "units." The basic law says that these units are all equivalent regardless of how they're spread out.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
When businesses want to create a written record of verbal communication, they use transcription services. Transcription is the process of turning an oral recording into a written document. This can be done in real time, as the conversation is happening, or it can be done after the fact by listening to an audio recording and typing out what was said.	transcription	Explain transcription using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Transcription is the process of converting spoken words into written form. It can be thought of as a business analogy as follows: Transcription is like taking meeting minutes. The transcriber takes notes of everything that is said and records it verbatim. This allows people who were not able to attend the meeting to have a record of what was discussed.	transcription	Explain transcription using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Transcription is the process of taking written text and turning it into an audio recording. This can be done for personal use, such as creating a voice memo, or for professional use, such as creating an audiobook. Transcription services can also be used to create transcripts of meetings or interviews.	transcription	Explain transcription using a business analogy.	ht	business	0
Rna polymerase can be thought of as a secretary. The DNA is the boss and the rna polymerase helps to take dictation by creating new strands of rna based on the instructions found in the DNA.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
RNA polymerase is a lot like the assembly line workers in a car factory. The DNA is the blueprint for the car, and the RNA polymerases are responsible for reading that blueprint and assembling the pieces in the correct order.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
RNA polymerase can be thought of as the CEO of a company. It is responsible for making sure that all the employees are doing their jobs correctly and that the company is running smoothly.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory that produce the products. The mRNA is like the blueprints that tell the ribosomes what to make. The tRNA is like the workers that carry the pieces of raw material to the machines.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines that make the products in a factory. The DNA is like the blueprint for the product, and the ribosomes read the DNA to create proteins.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The ribosome can be thought of as a machine in a factory. The DNA is the blueprint for the product, and the ribosomes are the machines that create it.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The activator protein is like a boss in a business. It oversees all the operations of the company and makes sure everything runs smoothly.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The activator protein is like a manager in a business. It helps to organize and coordinate the activities of the other proteins in order to carry out the cell's functions.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Activator protein can be thought of as the CEO of a company. It is responsible for organizing and directing the activities of other proteins in order to carry out specific tasks.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
An electric circuit can be thought of as a business where the customers are the electrons and the components of the circuit are the employees. The customers (electrons) come in, they do their thing (flow through the circuit), and then they leave. The employees (components) work together to keep things running smoothly and make sure that everyone has what they need.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Electricity is like the flow of money in a business. Just as money needs to flow freely through a business, electricity needs to flow freely through wiring to power appliances and lights. Tampering with the electrical wiring can disrupt the flow of electricity and cause malfunctions.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Electricity is like money in the bank. You can use it to buy things, but you have to put some in first. In an electric circuit, electricity flows through a wire like money flows through a bank teller's window. The more electricity you have, the more things you can buy.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
The hydrophobic effect can be explained using a business analogy. When two businesses are competing for the same market share, they will often use different marketing strategies. One business might focus on promotions and discounts, while the other business might focus on quality products and customer service. The businesses that focus on quality products and customer service will often be more successful in the long run, because their customers are more likely to stay loyal to them. This is similar to the hydrophobic effect, which is when molecules are attracted to each other due to their nonpolarity.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Water molecules are attracted to each other by hydrogen bonds. This attraction is called hydrophilic (water-loving). The hydrophobic effect is the opposite force, where molecules are repelled from each other because they do not have any hydrogen bonds between them. Hydrophobic molecules tend to clump together and form droplets, while hydrophilic molecules remain dispersed in water.This analogy can be used to explain how oil and water do not mix. Oil is a hydrophobic molecule, so it does not interact well with water. When you try to mix oil and water, the oil droplets will repel the water and stay together.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for the hydrophobic effect would be two people shaking hands. The person with the wet hand is going to have a harder time shaking hands with the person who has the dry hand. This is because water is attracted to other water molecules, so when two surfaces (in this case, hands) are in close proximity, the water will want to move from one surface to another. The hydrophobic effect happens when two non-polar molecules are in close proximity to each other; since they don't like being around water (which is polar), they will crowd together and push the water away.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
One example of signal transduction is the process that occurs when a person steps on a floor mat in a store and the pressure from their foot activates a sensor that triggers the opening of a door. In this analogy, the foot is the biological signal, the floor mat is the receptor, and the door is the effector.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
One can think of a cell as a business. The “cellular membrane” is the company’s fence or boundary. Inside the fence are all the necessary resources for the company to operate: water, land, labor, etc. The cellular membrane is selectively permeable, meaning that it allows some things in and not others. For example, it would allow water and oxygen in (necessary for life), but not radioactive materials or large molecules. The cellular membrane also acts as a barrier to keep things like viruses out of the cell.Now let's say that your business wants to get something from outside its fence. Maybe it needs more raw materials to make widgets, or maybe it needs energy to continue operating. In order to get what it needs, the company sends out employees (special proteins called receptors) to interact with what's outside the fence. These receptors will bind specifically only to certain molecules (the "target" molecule). So if your business wanted more raw materials, it would send out workers who would specifically look for those specific molecules in order to bring them back inside the fence.Once a receptor finds its target molecule outside the cell membrane, it starts a chain reaction known as signal transduction . This chain reaction begins by causing tiny pores in the cellular membrane to open up slightly so that small amounts of material can start flowing into and out of the cell (this is how cells take in nutrients and expel wastes). This flow of material causes reactions inside the cell that eventually lead to changes in gene expression - which means that different genes inside the nucleus are turned on or off depending on what type of signal molecule was used (eg., hormones vs neurotransmitters ).	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
In business, when a customer makes a purchase, they are essentially sending a signal to the business that they want something. The business then needs to figure out what the customer wants and how much it will cost them. Once the price is agreed upon, the customer's money is transferred and they receive whatever it was they wanted.In biological signal transduction, cells act as customers and send signals to businesses (the proteins) in order to get something they need. The proteins then need to figure out what the cells want, how much it will cost them, and whether or not they can afford it. If everything checks out, then the protein transfers whatever it was that the cell wanted into their hands (by delivering it to where it needs to go in the cell).	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using a business analogy.	ht	business	1
Nadh is like a fuel for a car. It is necessary for the car to run, but it is not the only thing that is necessary. The car also needs oil, water, and a spark.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Proteins are like the employees of a business. They are responsible for carrying out the tasks that keep the business running. Some proteins are responsible for building new products, others are responsible for shipping products out to customers, and others are responsible for keeping the books.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe is written in a specific order and includes all the ingredients needed to make the cake. DNA is written in a specific order and includes all the instructions needed to create a living being.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A glycogen molecule is like a bucket of nails. Nails are small and easy to carry around, but they can be used to build something big and strong. Glycogen is small and easy to carry around, but it can be used to build something big and strong (like muscle).	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as the company's shipping and receiving department. The ER receives shipments (molecules) from other parts of the company (the nucleus) and distributes them to the appropriate places (the Golgi apparatus). The ER also receives and distributes new products (molecules) from the company's suppliers (outside the cell).	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from the ER, processes them, and sends them out to the correct destination (cell membrane).	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the security guard at a business. It is responsible for keeping the valuable information and resources inside the business while keeping unwanted people and things out.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center for a business. They recycle old materials and turn them into new materials that can be used again.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling department in a business. They take old materials and break them down into reusable parts.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "power plants" of the cell. Just as a power plant provides electricity for a city, mitochondria provide energy for the cell.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Chloroplasts are like the energy factories of a plant. They take in sunlight and turn it into the energy that the plant needs to grow.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides support to the cells and helps them to maintain their shape.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
ATP is like the gasoline in a car. It is what provides the energy for the car to move.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
NADPH is like the fuel that a car needs to run. It is used to create energy in the body.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Peroxysomes are like the recycling department in a business. They take old materials and break them down into reusable parts.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Mytochondria can be thought of as the "business brains" of the cell. Just as a business needs a good strategy and effective planning in order to be successful, mytochondria are responsible for making sure the cell has the resources it needs to thrive. They produce energy for the cell, help to recycle materials, and carry out other important functions.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Electric forces are like the forces between magnets. Like magnets, electric charges have a force that pulls them together.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a worker in a business. The worker's job is to move around the office, doing tasks as needed. The worker's orbital is the area around the worker where they are most likely to be found.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The analogy for the first line of defense in the body would be the security guard at a business. The security guard is the first line of defense against people who want to harm the business. They are the first people that the intruder will encounter and they are responsible for stopping them from getting into the business.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They are responsible for cleaning up debris and pathogens in the body. They are also responsible for activating the immune system to fight off infections.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A t-helper cell is like a project manager. The project manager is responsible for ensuring that the project is completed on time, within budget, and to the customer's specifications. The t-helper cell is responsible for ensuring that the immune response is coordinated and effective.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like the human resources department of a company. They are responsible for recruiting new employees (T-lymphocytes) and training them to do their job.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "sales force" of the immune system. They are responsible for seeking out and destroying cells that are infected or cancerous. Like a good salesperson, they are quick to identify potential threats and are relentless in their pursuit of eliminating them.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Bacteria are like tiny little thieves that sneak into your business and steal your money. They are very small and can be hard to detect, and once they are in your business, they can do a lot of damage.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	0
Action potential can be thought of as a surge of electricity that travels down an electric wire. Just as a surge of electricity can power a light bulb or a motor, a surge of electricity in the brain can power the muscles.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Chromatography is like a funnel. The different colors of ink (or whatever you are testing) are like the different products that flow through the funnel. The different colors of ink will separate out and be at different levels in the funnel because of their different weights.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A star's life can be thought of as a business. The star is born when a new business is started. The star grows and prospers as it does business. The star reaches its prime when it is doing the best business. The star begins to decline as it starts to lose customers. The star eventually dies when it can no longer generate revenue.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Nucleus is the CEO of a company. He is in charge of making all the important decisions for the company and he oversees everything that goes on. He is the most important person in the company.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. The DNA is like the blueprint for the machines. The RNA is like the workers who build the machines.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as the shipping and receiving department of a business. The apparatus receives shipments of raw materials (such as sugar and proteins) from the cell's cytoplasm and packages them into small, membrane-bound vesicles. These vesicles are then transported to other parts of the cell, where they release their cargo. The Golgi apparatus also receives shipments of finished products from other parts of the cell and packages them into larger vesicles that are transported to the cell surface.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center for a business. They recycle old materials and turn them into new materials that can be used again.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for making decisions that affect the company as a whole. The nuclear envelope is responsible for making decisions that affect the nucleus of the cell.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage locker in a business. It is a place to store things until they are needed.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "office space" of the cell. It is where all of the important work gets done - from producing energy to manufacturing new proteins. Just like in a real office, the cytoplasm is full of different tools and equipment that help the cell do its job.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Chromosomes are like folders in a cabinet. The folders are divided into categories (chromosomes), and each category has a different color (gene). The folders contain information about the different aspects of the business (gene).	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the "office space" of the cell. It is where all the important work gets done - from producing new proteins to processing cellular information. Just like in a business, the cytosol is where the action happens!	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of resources and it needs to be efficient in order to survive.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold a small amount of liquid. It is like a small water balloon.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A cell wall is like a company's firewall. It is a barrier that protects the company's internal systems from unauthorized access from the outside world.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Cells are like the employees in a business. The cells are the basic unit of life and they do the work in the body. The employees in a business do the work in the business.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a fence or gate around the cell. The fence or gate controls what goes in and out of the cell.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The Golgi body can be thought of as the "mailroom" of the cell. It processes and packages proteins that are produced in the endoplasmic reticulum and sends them to their final destination within the cell. The analogy could be of a business where the endoplasmic reticulum is the factory and the Golgi body is the shipping department.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A capacitor is a bit like a water tank. It can store a certain amount of energy, just like a tank can store a certain amount of water. The energy in a capacitor can be used to do things like power a light bulb or a motor.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Electric current is like the flow of money in a business. Just as money needs to flow in order for the business to function, electric current needs to flow in order for an electronic device to work.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Voltage is like the water pressure in a city. Just as the water pressure is what pushes the water through the pipes to your house, voltage is what pushes the electricity through the wires to your appliances.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A cell is like a small business. The cell has a specialized function, just like a small business has a specialized function. The cell also needs to communicate with other cells in order to carry out its function, just like a small business needs to communicate with other businesses in order to carry out its function.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to the law of supply and demand in business. Just as the law of supply and demand states that when there is more demand for a product than there is available supply, the price of the product will go up, Kirchoff's voltage law states that when there is more demand for electrical current than there is available voltage, the price of electrical current (in the form of increased resistance) will go up.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A density wave is like a wave of people in a stadium. The people are all packed together in one area, and then they spread out. The wave of people is moving through the stadium, and it takes a while for the wave to reach the other side.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Enzymes are like secretaries in a business. They help to make things run smoothly by doing all of the little tasks that need to be done in order for the business to function. Enzymes help to break down food so that the body can use it, just like secretaries help to organize and keep track of the paperwork in a business.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The human active memory system can be likened to a computer's random access memory (RAM). Just as a computer's RAM stores the active data and programs that are being used at any given moment, the human active memory system stores the active information that is being used in the moment. The human active memory system is also like a computer's hard drive, in that it stores information that is not currently being used but that may be needed in the future.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step that determines how quickly the reaction will take place. This step is usually the slowest step in the reaction. analogy: The rate-determining step of a reaction is like the slowest person in a race. This person will determine how quickly the race will take place.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Column chromatography is like a funnel. The solvent is poured in at the top and the mixture of substances to be separated is poured in at the bottom. The substances are then separated as they travel through the funnel at different speeds, based on how soluble they are in the solvent.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a business that is always in flux, with new products and services being created while others are discontinued. The business is always changing, but it always remains in equilibrium because the products and services that are being created are balanced by those that are being discontinued.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage locker in a business. It is a place to store things until they are needed.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a small, private jet for transporting goods. The vesicle is specifically designed for carrying goods, and it is fast, efficient, and reliable. It can travel to any destination in the world, and it can do so without stopping at any other airports along the way.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the sales department of a company. They are responsible for promoting the company and increasing sales. However, if they become too aggressive or if the company is not doing well, they can actually do more harm than good.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Oncogenes are like viruses in a business. They are small and can easily spread from one part of the company to another. They can also be very harmful, causing the company to lose money and customers.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the security system for a business. They help to prevent tumors from forming by stopping cancer cells from dividing and growing.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Brittle software is like a house of cards. It is very easy to knock it down and it doesn't take much to cause it to fail.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A resonance hybrid is like a Venn diagram. It is a way of visualizing the different electron configurations of an atom. The different electron configurations are represented by different colors. The circles in the Venn diagram represent the different electron configurations. The overlapping circles represent the different electron configurations that are the same.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a group of people walking in a line. The people in the front of the line are moving the fastest, and the people in the back of the line are moving the slowest. If you were to stand at the beginning of the line and look down the line, you would see the people moving quickly. If you were to stand at the end of the line and look down the line, you would see the people moving slowly.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
An electroencephalogram is like a company's financial statement. It shows how the company is doing financially over a period of time.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a business process where a document is copied multiple times. The original document is used as the source for the copies, and each copy is identical to the original.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
RNA transcription is a bit like a photocopier. The DNA is the original document, and the RNA is the copy. Just as a photocopier needs ink and paper, the RNA needs a copy of the DNA's instructions (the genetic code) in order to make a copy of the protein.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Protein translation is a bit like a business. The mRNA is like a business plan, and the ribosomes are the workers who carry out the plan by building the protein.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a business. The different parts of the ecosystem (such as the producers, consumers, and decomposers) all work together to keep the business running. The producers create the products that the consumers need, and the decomposers break down the products so that the business can reuse the materials.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be likened to the propagation of a message through a company. The action potential is the message, and the neuron is the company. The action potential starts at the message's source (the sender), and travels through the company's communication channels (the neuron's axon) to the receiver. Along the way, the message is transmitted from one employee to the next, until it reaches the receiver.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Breathing in frogs is similar to a business taking in new customers. The frog's lungs (or business) take in new air (or customers) through its nose (or marketing). The air then goes through the frog's windpipe (or business process) and into its lungs (or customer base). The frog then exhales the old air (or customers) through its mouth (or customer service).	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A layered architecture is like a layer cake. The cake is made up of many thin layers of cake that are stacked on top of each other. The cake is held together by a frosting or icing that is spread on top of the cake. The frosting is also what the cake is eaten with. The same is true for a layered architecture. The architecture is made up of many thin layers that are stacked on top of each other. The layers are held together by a frosting or icing that is spread on top of the layers. The frosting is also what the architecture is used for.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in a business. It is the resource that is in shortest supply and limits the amount of product that can be made. An excess reactant is like a surplus of a resource. It is not necessary for the reaction to proceed, but it is available if needed.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a small business. The cell has a CEO (the nucleus), managers (the organelles), and employees (the proteins and DNA). The CEO is responsible for making decisions that affect the entire company, while the managers are responsible for overseeing specific areas of the business. The employees carry out the CEO's orders and work to make the company successful.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple and has a limited number of employees (proteins). It is also relatively easy to start up (replicate its DNA) and can grow quickly.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The analogy is of an office. The kernel is the head of the office. He makes all the decisions and oversees everything. The other employees are the workers who carry out the orders of the kernel. They are responsible for the day-to-day operations of the office.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in a business. For example, if a company wants to produce more widgets, it needs more machines, and if it wants to produce more machines, it needs more workers. But if the company only has a limited number of workers, it can't produce an unlimited number of machines. In the same way, a chemical reaction can only use a limited amount of a particular reactant before it's all used up.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Helicase is like a worker in a factory who is constantly moving around to different parts of the factory to help with different tasks. Helicase is constantly moving around the DNA to help with different tasks.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the glue that holds the DNA replication process together. Just as in a business, if the glue is not strong enough, the process will not be successful.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Ligase can be thought of as the glue that holds a company together. It is responsible for the formation of new bonds between different parts of the company, ensuring that everything is working together as a cohesive unit. Without ligase, the company would be a mess, with different parts working against each other instead of with each other.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A process control block can be thought of as a traffic controller for a busy intersection. The controller monitors the traffic flow and makes changes (e.g. adjusting the stoplights) as needed to keep the intersection running smoothly. In the same way, a process control block monitors the process and makes changes (e.g. adjusting the process parameters) as needed to keep the process running smoothly.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Message encoding is like translating a message from one language to another. The translator needs to understand both languages in order to accurately translate the message. Similarly, message encoding uses a specific code to translate a message from one format to another. The code needs to be understood by both the sender and the receiver in order to accurately transmit the message.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Drugs and receptor sites are like two people in a business meeting. The drugs are the people, and the receptor sites are the seats at the table. The drugs can sit in any seat, but they can only interact with the receptor sites if they are sitting in the same seat.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A monitor is like a television. It is a device that displays images and videos.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The CPU is like the brain of the computer. It processes all of the information that is sent to it.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the foundation of a company. It is the main component of the business and everything else is built off of it. The motherboard is responsible for the overall function of the company and its components.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Ram is like a hard drive in a computer. It is a place where data is stored so that it can be accessed quickly.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as the engine that powers a business. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, a business needs electricity to function. The power supply unit converts the electricity from the wall into a form that the business can use. It is important to have a good power supply unit in order to keep the business running smoothly.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A keyboard is like a telephone keypad. Just as you would press the 2 key on a telephone to dial the number 2, you would press the 2 key on a keyboard to type the letter "a".	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A mouse is like a secretary. They are small, fast, and help you get things done.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
An audio card can be thought of as a translator between the language of computers and the language of sound. It converts digital signals into analog signals that can be played through speakers or headphones.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A video card can be thought of as a translator between the digital information on a computer and the images that are displayed on a monitor. The video card takes the digital information from the computer and converts it into a format that the monitor can understand. It then sends the images to the monitor, where they are displayed.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The tree's age calculation is like a business's calculation of its inventory. The inventory calculation takes the beginning inventory and adds in the new inventory to get the total inventory. The tree's age calculation takes the tree's beginning age and adds in the new age to get the total age.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Glycolysis is like a company that sells candy. The company starts by making a lot of candy, and then it sells the candy to customers. The company makes a profit by selling the candy for more than it costs to make it.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
One analogy for anti-Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by a raindrop. In this analogy, the light is analogous to the energy of the particles, and the raindrop is analogous to the scattering center. When light shines on a raindrop, some of the light is scattered in all directions. This is analogous to the energy of the particles being scattered in all directions. However, some of the light is also absorbed by the raindrop. This is analogous to the energy of the particles being absorbed by the scattering center.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Stokes scattering is a bit like when you walk through a field of dandelions. The seeds are scattered in all directions by the wind. In the same way, light is scattered in all directions by the tiny particles in the atmosphere.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a toxin that is lethal to 50% of the population. It can be thought of as the amount of a toxin that is deadly to the average person.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	0
The universe can be thought of as a business. The big bang can be thought of as the company's creation, and the expansion of the universe can be thought of as the company's growth. The stars can be thought of as the company's products, and the planets can be thought of as the company's customers.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Enzyme mechanism is like a business process. The enzyme is like the worker who does the job and the substrate is like the materials that the worker uses to do the job. The product is like the finished good that the worker produces. The enzyme mechanism is like a business process because it is a series of steps that leads to a final product.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The analogy of anova is to a business as the analogy of a t-test is to a laboratory. In both cases, the underlying principle is to isolate a specific effect by comparing two groups that are as similar as possible in all other respects. In anova, the groups are the products of two different factories, while in t-test, the groups are the results of two different experiments.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
A thermostat is like a boss. It sets the temperature for the office and makes sure it is comfortable for everyone.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that is doing well. The business is making a profit and has a good reputation. The employees are happy and the customers are satisfied. The business is in a good position to continue to grow and make a profit.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Just-in-time is like a grocery store that only stocks enough food for the day. If the store runs out of food, it will not be able to restock until the next day. This means that the store will only have the food that is needed today and will not have any food that is not needed.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a company’s immune system. The immune system is always on the lookout for potential threats to the company, such as viruses or bacteria. If it detects a threat, it will take action to protect the company. The immune system is adaptive because it can learn and adapt to new threats.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Ohm's law can be thought of as a relationship between two people in a business setting. The amount of work one person can do (the voltage) is related to the amount of work the other person is doing (the current) and the amount of time they have been working (the resistance).	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Transcription is like taking meeting minutes. You are listening to what is being said and writing it down as accurately as possible.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
RNA polymerase is like a secretary in a business. The secretary takes notes of what the boss is saying and then types them up. RNA polymerase does the same thing with DNA. It takes the genetic information from the DNA and makes RNA copies.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They are responsible for assembling the proteins that the factory produces.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks a door. The activator protein binds to a specific site on the DNA molecule and then activates the transcription of that gene.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Electricity is like water in a pipe. The voltage is the water pressure, and the current is the amount of water flowing through the pipe. The resistance is like a pipe with a lot of holes in it, which slows down the water flow. The capacitance is like a big tank of water that can store a lot of energy. The inductance is like a coil of wire that can store energy in the magnetic field.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
The hydrophobic effect is similar to a group of people who are all huddled together in a small, dark room. The people are uncomfortable and want to get out of the room, but they are all stuck together. The hydrophobic effect is like this because the water molecules are stuck together and they don't want to be around the other water molecules.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a process similar to the way a company uses marketing to send a message to its customers. The company's marketing department creates a message, which is then sent to the company's customers. The customers then receive the message and react to it. In the same way, cells use signal transduction to send messages to each other. The cells create a message, which is then sent to other cells. The other cells then receive the message and react to it.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	lt	business	1
Nadh is like a fuel tank in a car. The tank provides energy to the engine, which makes the car go. Nadh is also necessary for the production of ATP, which is like gasoline for the car.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Nadh can be compared to a salesperson who is successful because they are trustworthy and knowledgeable. The salesperson knows their products well and has built a good relationship with their clients, which allows them to sell more products. In the same way, nadh helps cells produce energy by acting as an enzyme that carries electrons between proteins in the cell. This process allows the cell to function properly and make energy for growth and repair.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Nadh can be thought of as a "fuel" molecule that is necessary for the production of energy within the body's cells. Just as gasoline is necessary for a car to run, nadh is necessary for cellular respiration (the process by which cells produce energy) to occur.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Proteins are like the employees of a business. They carry out the essential tasks that keep the company running. Just as businesses need a variety of different employees to complete their work, proteins play many important roles within cells. Some proteins help build new structures, while others break down old ones. Some proteins control chemical reactions, others ferry nutrients around the cell, and still others protect the cell from harm.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Proteins are like the employees of a business. They do the work that is necessary to keep everything running smoothly.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A protein can be thought of as a construction worker. The protein is responsible for putting together the building blocks (amino acids) to create something larger and more complex (a functional protein molecule). Just like there are many different types of construction workers with different skills, there are many different types of proteins that have unique functions within the body.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA is like the blueprint of a house. It contains all of the information necessary to construct a particular structure.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA is like a company's business plan. It is the blueprint for what the company wants to do and how it plans on doing it.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. Just as you need specific ingredients (flour, sugar, eggs, baking powder) in order to make a cake, you need the right building blocks (adenine, thymine, cytosine, guanine) to create DNA.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A glycogen molecule can be thought of as a big bucket of glucose molecules. The bucket can be filled up by eating food, and then the glucose molecules in the bucket can be used to provide energy for the body.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Glycogen can be thought of as an employee's energy bank account. Just like a real-life bank, the glycogen account has both a withdrawal limit and a deposit limit. The withdrawal limit is how much energy the employee can use in a day, while the deposit limit is how much energy the employee can store in total.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Glycogen can be thought of as the business equivalent of cash on hand. It is a readily available form of stored energy that can be used to power operations in a hurry. Like cash, glycogen can help businesses cover unexpected costs or take advantage of opportunities when they arise.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic Reticulum is like the mailroom in a business. The mailroom receives and distributes all of the mail for the company. The endoplasmic reticulum receives and distributes all of the proteins for the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as the office mailroom in a business. The mailroom is where all the letters and packages are sorted and distributed to the correct departments within the company. The endoplasmic reticulum is responsible for sorting and distributing proteins to the correct parts of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic Reticulum can be compared to the mail room in a business. The mail room receives and distributes all of the incoming and outgoing mail for the company. Similarly, the endoplasmic reticulum receives and distributes all of the proteins for the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as the shipping and receiving department for a company. The cells produce products in the cytoplasm of the cell and then package them up in vesicles. These vesicles travel to the golgi, where they are sorted and packaged for delivery to other parts of the cell or to the exterior of the cell.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as the "mailroom" of a business. It receives packages (substrates) from various departments (the ER and ribosomes), processes them, and sends them on to their final destination (the cell membrane).	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi Apparatus is like the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives packages (molecules) from different parts of the cell, organizes them, and sends them off to their final destination.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a company's front door. It is the first thing that people see when they visit the company, and it is responsible for letting certain things in (such as customers) and keeping other things out (such as pests). The plasma membrane is also responsible for allowing the company to communicate with the outside world.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The plasma membrane is like the walls of a building. The outside of the building is exposed to the environment, while the inside of the building is protected from the environment. The plasma membrane separates the inside and outside of a cell and protects the cell's contents from the environment.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The plasma membrane can be likened to a business's storefront. It is the first line of defense against outside contaminants and it allows customers inside while keeping pests out. The plasma membrane also allows goods and services to be exchanged between the business and its customers.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They break down old materials (like cardboard and plastic) into reusable parts that can be used to make new products.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling department in a business. They break down old or unusable materials and recycle them into new products.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A lysosome is like a recycling center for a business. The lysosomes recycles old or damaged products and turn them into new products to be used again.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes can be thought of as the "factories" of the cell. Just like a real factory, peroxisomes produce important products that are used by the rest of the cell. The products that peroxisomes produce include hydrogen peroxide and fatty acids.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes can be thought of as the "factories" of a cell. Just as a factory is responsible for producing goods, peroxisomes are responsible for producing cellular enzymes and other proteins.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the quality control department of a business. They inspect products and make sure they meet the company's standards before sending them out to customers. If something is not up to par, peroxisomes will eliminate it from the product line.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the engines or powerhouses of the cell. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, cells need energy in order to function. This energy is provided by mitochondria, which convert food molecules into ATP (adenosine triphosphate), the body's primary source of energy.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Mitochondria can be likened to the engines of a car. They take in fuel (carbohydrates and oxygen) and convert it into energy that the cell can use. Mitochondria are also responsible for apoptosis, or programmed cell death, which helps rid the body of damaged or old cells.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the batteries in a business. They are responsible for providing energy to the cells, which allows the business to run smoothly.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A chloroplast can be thought of as a solar panel for a business. The plant uses the energy from the sun to create glucose from carbon dioxide and water. This glucose can then be used by the business to run operations, just like regular electricity from the power grid.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Chloroplasts are to plants what lungs are to humans. Chloroplasts help convert sunlight into energy that the plant can use, just as lungs help convert oxygen into energy that a human can use.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A chloroplast is a bit like the engine in a car. It takes energy from the sun and converts it into glucose, which the plant can use to grow and thrive.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton can be thought of as the scaffolding inside a building. The scaffolding provides support to the workers and materials while the construction is taking place. In the same way, the cytoskeleton supports and organizes the cell's contents while it is functioning.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton can be thought of as the skeletal system of a business. Just like our bones support our body and allow us to move, the cytoskeleton supports the cell and allows it to move. Additionally, just as muscles attach to our skeleton and help us move, proteins called motor proteins attach to the cytoskeleton and help the cell move around.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton analogy would be something like the scaffolding on a construction site. The scaffolding is used to support the workers and materials while the construction project is underway. In a similar way, the cytoskeleton supports and organizes the cell's contents while it is functioning.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
ATP is like the oil in a car. It's what makes the engine run.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
ATP can be thought of as the "currency" of the cell - it is used to pay for all cellular activities. Just like a business needs money to pay for employees, supplies, and rent, cells need ATP to pay for proteins, enzymes, and other cellular components.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Atp is to a business as gasoline is to a car. Just as gasoline powers a car and allows it to move, atp powers the cells in our body and allows us to move.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
NADPH can be thought of as the "fuel" that powers the electron transport chain in photosynthesis. Just as gasoline powers a car, NADPH powers the reactions that occur in photosynthesis. It is essentially like a battery for plants - it provides them with energy to convert sunlight into useful forms of chemical energy like glucose.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Nadph can be thought of as the "fuel" that helps a business run. It is necessary for many of the chemical reactions that occur in cells, including those that produce energy. Just like gasoline powers a car, nadph helps power cellular activities.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
NADPH is like the "fuel" that helps keep a business running. It's used to create new products, run machines, and do all sorts of other things that are necessary for the company to function.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Peroxysomes are like the recycling department of a business. They take used materials and break them down into reusable parts. This allows the company to reuse valuable resources instead of having to create new ones from scratch.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A peroxysome is like a super-sized kitchen garbage can. It's big enough to hold all the waste from the entire kitchen - including food scraps, dirty dishes and pots and pans. The peroxysome breaks down the waste into smaller pieces that can be easily flushed away or recycled.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A peroxysome is like a tiny factory inside of each cell. It makes molecules called "peroxides" which help to break down food and other materials in the cell.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The mitochondria can be compared to the engine of a car. Just as the engine provides power to the car, the mitochondria provide energy to the cell.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The mitochondria can be thought of as the engines of the cell. Just like an engine needs fuel to run, the mitochondria need energy to function. The cells get this energy from food, which is broken down in the mitochondria.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouse" of the cell. Just as a business needs an efficient and reliable power source to run smoothly, the cells need mitochondria to produce energy for various cellular functions.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One way to think about electric forces is to imagine them as a kind of "stickiness" between electrically charged particles. Like two pieces of sticky tape, the more charge there is on each particle, the more force there will be between them. This analogy can help you understand why objects with different charges attract or repel each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Electric forces are like the attraction between magnets. Just as two magnets will be drawn together, electric charges will be attracted to one another.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Electricity is like money. Money flows through the economy, and it can be used to buy things. Electricity flows through circuits, and it can be used to power things.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as an employee who is assigned to a specific department within a company. This employee is responsible for carrying out tasks and duties that are associated with their department.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The orbital of a hydrogen electron can be thought of as a seat on an airplane. The higher the number of the seat, the more "up in the air" it is. Similarly, the higher the energy level of an orbital, the more removed its electron is from the nucleus.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Think of an orbital as a company's office. The electron is the worker who occupies the office. There are many different types of orbitals, just like there are many different types of offices in a company. Some offices have more windows than others, some have more space, and some have better views. But each office has its own unique characteristics that make it perfect for a specific worker.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The analogy should be of a business student.One line of defense in the body could be thought of as an employee who is always working and is never absent. This person is always there to keep things running smoothly and handle any emergencies that may come up.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The analogy for the first line of defense in the body would be like having a security guard at the front door of a business. They are the first people that anyone coming into contact with is going to see and they are responsible for deciding if someone should be allowed inside or not. In the same way, your immune system is responsible for detecting and stopping any intruders (like bacteria or viruses) from entering your body.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One analogy for the body's first line of defense is a corporation's human resources department. The HR department screens potential employees, reviews their qualifications, and conducts background checks to ensure that they are a good fit for the company and that they have no red flags in their past. Similarly, the body's first line of defense is responsible for screening out potential threats, such as bacteria or viruses, and preventing them from entering the body.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A macrophage can be thought of as the "janitor" of the immune system. Like a janitor, they patrol the body cleaning up any debris or pathogens that they encounter. They are also responsible for presenting foreign antigens to other cells of the immune system so that they can mount an appropriate response.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Macrophages are the "janitors" of the immune system. They clean up debris and damaged cells. analogy: Macrophages are like the janitors of a business. They clean up debris and damaged cells.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One analogy for macrophages could be corporate executives. Just as the body's macrophages engulf and destroy foreign invaders, business executives identify and eliminate threats to their company. Additionally, both macrophages and executives play a key role in maintaining the health of their organizations.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A t-helper cell is a bit like a project manager. It helps to organize and coordinate the activities of other cells (such as B cells and T cells) in order to mount an effective immune response.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A t-helper cell is like an air traffic controller at an airport. The controller tells the pilots which runways to use and how to get to their destinations. In the same way, the t-helper cell tells the other cells in the immune system what to do and where to go.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
T-helper cells can be thought of as the "customer service" department for the immune system. They help to activate other immune cells and direct them toward invaders or infection sites. Just like a good customer service department helps to solve problems and resolve complaints, t-helper cells help to mobilize the rest of the immune system to fight off infections.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are similar to employees in a business. They originate from bone marrow, and they mature there before moving into the lymph nodes. There, they patrol the body for invaders like viruses or bacteria. When they find something that doesn't belong, they produce antibodies to fight it off.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like the HR department of a company. They are responsible for recruiting new employees (T-cells) and training them to do their jobs.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like employees in a business. They work to protect the company by attacking any viruses or bacteria that enter it.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be compared to a company's security team. The security team's job is to protect the company from harm, and the cytotoxic T-lymphocytes' job is to protect the body from harm. Like a good security team, the cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are always on alert and ready to respond quickly if they need to.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte can be thought of as a "sniper" of the immune system. Just like a sniper takes out specific targets from a distance, cytotoxic t-lymphocytes identify and destroy cancer cells or cells that are infected with viruses. They do this by recognizing proteins on the surface of these cells that are not found on healthy cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte is like a soldier in the immune system. The soldier's job is to protect the body from invaders, such as bacteria and viruses. The soldier carries a weapon (cytokines) that can kill the invaders.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
If bacteria were people, they would be like the United States military. They are always looking for new territory to conquer and expand their empire. Once they invade a new area, they start reproducing rapidly, taking over everything in their path.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Bacteria invading a business can be thought of as an infection. Just as an infection in the body can spread and cause all sorts of problems, bacteria invading a business can spread quickly and cause all sorts of trouble. Infected businesses may have to close their doors until the problem is sorted out, just like infected bodies need time to heal.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One way to think about bacterial invasion is to imagine it as a hostile takeover of a business. The bacteria are like the invading company, and they try to take over the host cells—the employees of the business—in order to use them for their own purposes. The host cells may resist at first, but eventually the bacteria can often get the upper hand and take over completely. This process can damage or even kill the host cells, leading to infection or disease.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for the action potential would be a company that has just received an influx of new orders. The company's workers are suddenly very busy and they are working as fast as they can to get all of the new orders completed. This is analogous to how the sodium channels in a neuron open up when it receives a signal and allow sodium ions to flow into the cell. This causes the neuron to become excited and fire off a message down its axon.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Action potential can be thought of as a surge of electricity through a business. This electricity is what powers the business and allows it to function. The action potential is created by the movement of ions across the cell membrane.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Action potential can be described as a flow of electricity that travels through the body. This analogy might be suitable for a business student who is familiar with how electricity flows through circuits in order to power machines or light bulbs. Just as electricity needs a pathway (a circuit) to flow, so does the electrical signal that creates the action potential. The cells that create this signal are like batteries, and they need to be connected (by special proteins called ion channels) in order for the current to flow. When something happens to excite these cells (like touching them), it's kind of like flipping on a switch: the current starts flowing and quickly spreads throughout the entire nerve cell.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Chromatography is like trying to figure out the recipe for a secret sauce. You have a list of ingredients, but you don't know how much of each ingredient to use. You try different amounts of each ingredient and see which combination makes the best sauce.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for chromatography would be to think of the different colors of ink used in a printer as being like the molecules in a liquid sample. The black ink is like the most concentrated molecule solution and the other colors are less concentrated, with each color having its own unique concentration. When you print something, the black ink is sent through the printer head first and the other colors are layered on top of it. This is basically what happens when you run a chromatographic separation: The most concentrated molecules (the "black ink") travel fastest through the column and the less concentrated molecules take longer to pass through. By looking at how long it takes each color to travel through the column, you can get an idea about how concentrated they are relative to one another.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the individual components of a mixture. The analogy would be like having several employees working on different parts of a project. Each employee has their own task and by the end of the day, the project is complete.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Stars like our Sun have a lifespan of about 10 billion years. An analogy for this is that a star is like a typical business. A typical business has an expected lifetime of around 10 years. Just as with businesses, stars can last longer or shorter than their average lifetime, depending on the circumstances.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Stars spend the majority of their lives as main-sequence stars. During this time, they fuse hydrogen into helium in their cores, and this process releases energy that makes the star shine. The amount of time a star spends on the main sequence depends on its mass; more massive stars burn through their fuel faster and move off the main sequence sooner than less massive stars.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	0
A star's life can be thought of as a business. The main sequence lifetime is the time that the company is in its prime, growing and making money. After this, it may experience a decline (like a business going downhill), or it may keep going strong for many more years.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Nucleus is the CEO or president of a company. He/she is in charge of making decisions for the company and its employees. The nucleus makes sure everything runs smoothly and that everyone has what they need to do their jobs.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	0
The nucleus of a business is the CEO. The CEO is in charge of making decisions that affect the entire company. They are like the brain of the business and make sure everything runs smoothly.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The nucleus is the CEO of a company. It makes all the important decisions and oversees everything that goes on in the company.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	0
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. The instructions for making the product come from the DNA (the blueprints), and the ribosomes read these instructions and build the product.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are the workers in a factory. They make the products that the factory produces.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes can be thought of as the assembly line workers in a factory. The DNA is like the blueprints for the product that needs to be made, and the ribosomes are responsible for reading those blueprints and assembling the product.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is like the shipping and receiving department of a business. The cells produce products in the cytoplasm (the warehouse), which are then packaged up and sent to the Golgi apparatus (the shipping department). The Golgi apparatus processes and packages the products, and then sends them on to their final destination (the customer).	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a mailroom in a business. The mailroom receives letters (packages) from all over the building (the body), sorts them by department, and delivers them to the appropriate person's mailbox.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The golgi apparatus is like a shipping and receiving department in a business. It receives packages (molecules) from various parts of the cell, sorts them, and sends them to their appropriate destinations.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center for a business. They break down old products and materials so that they can be reused or recycled. This helps to keep the business running efficiently and reduces waste.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the "garbage disposal units" of a cell. Just like in your home, when something is thrown away that doesn't belong, it goes into the garbage disposal to be broken down and disposed of. Lysosomes do the same thing within cells - they break down any waste or old materials so that the cell can use those resources again.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are like a company's recycling department. They recycle materials that would otherwise be waste and turn them into something useful again. Lysosomes break down old proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids into their component parts so that the cell can reuse them.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Nuclear envelope can be thought of as the company’s human resources department. The nuclear envelope is responsible for managing the internal and external communication of the nucleus, as well as organizing and controlling the movement of proteins and other molecules into and out of the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for making decisions that affect the company, while the nuclear envelope is responsible for controlling the cell's DNA and producing proteins.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Nuclear envelope can be analogized as a human resources department in a business. The nuclear envelope manages and oversees the distribution of genetic information (DNA) within the cell, similar to how a human resources department oversees the distribution of employee salaries and benefits within a company. Additionally, just as businesses must comply with government regulations related to employee compensation, cells are regulated by laws that dictate how DNA is packaged and distributed within them.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a storage closet in a business. The vacuoles can store extra resources, such as food or water, that the cell may need later.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a storage container in the business world. Just like you might store extra office supplies or inventory in a closet or warehouse, the cell stores excess molecules or water in its vacuole.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage room in a business. It can be used to store supplies or products that are not currently being used.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "human resources" department of a company. Just as this department is responsible for recruiting and training new employees, the cytoplasm is responsible for organizing and managing the cellular components that make up a cell.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Cytoplasm is like the water that fills a fish tank. It surrounds and supports the fish, provides them with oxygen and nutrients, and allows them to move around. In the same way, cytoplasm surrounds and supports the cells' organelles, provides them with nutrients and oxygen, and lets them move around.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Cytoplasm can be thought of as the "blood" or "life force" of a cell. It is a thick, viscous fluid that surrounds and supports the cell's organelles. Just as blood carries oxygen and nutrients to the body's cells, cytoplasm provides essential nutrients and support to the cell's organelles.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Chromosomes are like the blueprints for a company. They contain all of the information that is needed to create the company, including the names of the owners, their contact information, and the type of business that they operate.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Chromosomes are like strands of DNA in a business. They hold all the important information that makes the company run, and they need to be protected at all costs. If something happens to them, the business might not be able to survive.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Chromosomes are like folders in a filing cabinet. Each chromosome holds all of the genetic information for a certain trait or characteristic.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytosol can be analogy to the water in a fish tank. The water is essential for the survival of the fish, and it surrounds and supports them. In much the same way, the cytosol provides an environment for cells to live and function in.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the water in a fish tank. It is the fluid that surrounds all of the cells in the tank and provides them with nutrients and oxygen. In a similar way, the cytosol surrounds all of the cells in your body and provides them with nutrients and oxygen.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding in a construction site. It supports and holds everything together while work is being done. The cytosol is like the cement that fills in the gaps between the scaffolding tubes.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. The cell has a lot of different parts that all work together to make the business run. The nucleus is like the CEO, who makes decisions for the company. The cytoplasm is like the workers, who do the actual work of the company. And the plasma membrane is like the door, keeping things in and out of the company.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has employees (the organelles), a boss (the nucleus), and it produces something that people need to survive (protein, oxygen).	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of resources and it must use them wisely in order to survive and grow.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Think of vesicles as the 'envelopes' that are used to send mail. Just like an envelope can protect a letter from getting wet or damaged, vesicles can protect the cells contents from damage.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Vesicles are like small, private companies. They are smaller and more specialized than the big public companies. They have a limited number of employees and a focused product or service. Vesicles may be bought or sold, but they are not as easily traded as stock in a public company.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold a limited amount of something. It's like a tiny box that you can use to store things in.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell wall is like a company's firewall. It protects the company's internal data from being accessed by unauthorized users outside of the company.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a company's firewall. It is a barrier that keeps unauthorized people from accessing the company's data and resources. Like a firewall, a cell wall also protects the company from outside attacks.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell wall is like a company's firewall. It helps to protect the company from unauthorized access and also protects the data inside the company.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Cells are like businesses. Just as businesses need workers to function, cells need proteins to carry out their functions. The cell membrane is like the storefront of a business where customers can interact with the products inside. The nucleus is like the manager of a business who makes decisions about how the company should run.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Cells are like small businesses. Just as a business has a CEO, cells have a nucleus. Cells also have workers (mitochondria) and managers (ribosomes).	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life just as businesses are the basic building blocks of economies. Just as each cell has a specific task to carry out in order for an organism to survive, each business has a specific task to carry out in order for an economy to function. Cells can divide and multiply to create new cells, just as businesses can expand and contract to create new businesses. Cells communicate with one another via chemical signals, just as businesses communicate with one another via financial signals. And finally, both cells and businesses need energy in order to thrive - in the form of glucose for cells and profits for businesses.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell membrane is like a bouncer at a nightclub. It allows some people (substances) to get in while keeping others out.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell membrane is like a company’s receptionist. The receptionist is responsible for screening everyone who wants to enter the company and decides which people are allowed in. Similarly, the cell membrane screens everything that enters or leaves the cell and decides what substances are allowed to cross it.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A cell membrane can be thought of as a fence or wall around the cell. It is made up of a lipid bilayer (two layers of fat) with proteins embedded in it. The purpose of the cell membrane is to protect the cells and keep things out (e.g., waste products, bacteria). It also allows things to enter and leave the cell, such as nutrients and oxygen.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Think of the golgi body as a factory. The factory takes in raw materials (carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen) and produces products (proteins, enzymes, lipids). The products are then packaged and sent to other parts of the cell or out of the cell altogether.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi body can be thought of as a shipping and receiving department for the cell. It receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and then sends them off to their final destinations. The analogy would be a business that receives products from suppliers, modifies them, and then ships them to retailers.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The Golgi body can be thought of as the shipping and receiving department for a business. It takes packages (molecules) from various departments (cellular organelles), sorts them, and sends them off to their final destinations.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One way to think about capacitance is to imagine it as a bank account. Capacitance is like the total amount of money in your account, while voltage is akin to how much you can withdraw from your account at any one time. Current would be the rate at which you are withdrawing money (or electricity in this analogy). Just as with a bank account, if you have more capacitance, you can withdraw more current without having to increase the voltage.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Think of capacitance as a like a container filled with water. The more water that is in the container, the higher the capacitance will be. Just like capacitance, the more people that are in your business, the more potential customers you have.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Think of capacitance as a bank account. Just like you can deposit or withdraw money from your bank account, electric current can be either deposited (charging the capacitor) or withdrawn (discharging the capacitor) from a capacitor. The size of your bank account is determined by how much money you have deposited (the capacitance), and how quickly you can make withdrawals (the discharge rate).	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Electric current is like the flow of money in a company. Just as money needs to be flowing in order for the company to function, electric current is needed to power devices. The analogy can be extended further by thinking about how businesses need to manage their finances and track where money is coming from and going to. In the same way, homes and businesses need to manage their electricity consumption by using gadgets like smart meters that measure how much electricity different appliances are using.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Electric current is like the flow of water in a hose. Just as the amount of water flowing through a hose depends on how wide the opening at the end is, the amount of electric current passing through a wire depends on how much voltage (pressure) is applied to it.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Electric current is like the flow of money in a business. Just as money needs to be constantly flowing in order for a business to thrive, electric current needs to be constantly moving in order for devices to function. If there's no money coming in (no current), the business will eventually fail. The same goes for if there's no electricity (no current), devices won't work.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Voltage is like the water pressure in a city. Just as the higher water pressure can push further through pipes, a higher voltage can push more electricity through wires. Voltage is also like traffic on a highway. The higher the voltage, the more cars can flow through the road at once.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Think of voltage as the pressure of a fluid. Just as water can flow through a pipe under different levels of pressure, electrical current can flow through a wire under different levels of voltage.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Voltage is like water pressure. Just as the higher water pressure in a hose can push more water through it, a higher voltage can push more electricity through a wire.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One way to think about the specialization and communication within cells is to imagine a large company with many different divisions. Each division has a specific task - marketing, accounting, product development, etc. - that it specializes in. The divisions communicate with each other in order to complete tasks such as developing a new product or advertising it. In the same way, cells specialize in different tasks - such as cell growth, DNA replication, and protein production - and they communicate with each other to carry out these functions.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for specialization and communication in a cell would be the division of labor within a company. In any company, there are employees who specialize in specific tasks and those employees communicate with one another to carry out the various tasks required to run the company. The same is true for cells. Cells specialize in different tasks and they communicate with each other to carry out the functions necessary for life.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Cell specialization can be likened to a business with different areas of expertise. The marketing department is responsible for promoting the company and its products, while the accounting department keeps track of the finances. Each area has a specific function, but they all work together to achieve the overall goal of the business. In much the same way, cells specialize in different tasks but must communicate with one another to ensure that the organ functions as a whole.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Just as in a business when money is transferred from one account to another, the total amount of money in the system stays the same, so too in an electrical circuit the total voltage across all points in the system remains constant.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of all voltages in a closed circuit is equal to zero. This can be thought of as an equation balancing out the amount of money coming into and leaving a business. The total amount of incoming cash (income) must be equal to the total outgoing cash (expenses).	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of all voltages in a circuit is equal to zero. This can be thought of as electrical current flowing like water through a pipe. If you have two hoses connected to a faucet, with one hose higher than the other, the water will flow from the high hose to the low hose until they are both at the same height. In the same way, electricity will flow from any point in a circuit with a higher voltage to any point with a lower voltage until they are all at the same level.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A density wave can be thought of as a "wave" of people moving through a room. The people at the front of the wave are packed tightly together, while the people at the back are much more spread out. In business terms, this would be analogous to a company having high sales volume but low profits, or vice versa.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A density wave can be thought of as a "wave" of people or objects moving through a medium. For example, imagine you are in a room with 100 people. If someone stands up and starts walking around the room, they will cause other people to stand up and follow them. This "wave" of standing people will move through the room until everyone has stood up.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A density wave is like a group of people standing in line at a fast food restaurant. The people are all close together at the beginning of the line, but as they move forward, they spread out.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like the machines in a factory. They are responsible for the production of products. In a business, enzymes would be responsible for producing the products that the company sells.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like secretaries in a business. They help to speed up the process by doing some of the work for you.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzymes can be thought of as workers in a factory. They are responsible for carrying out the specific tasks that keep the factory running smoothly. In the same way, enzymes are responsible for carrying out the specific tasks that keep our bodies functioning properly.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The human active memory system is like a computer. The working memory, which is also known as the primary or active memory, is like the RAM in a computer. It holds information that you are currently using. The long-term memory is like the hard drive in a computer. It stores information that you have learned and accessed in the past.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Active memory is a little bit like a personal assistant. It's always there to help you out when you need it, and it can store a lot of information for you so that you don't have to remember everything yourself. You can keep adding new things to your active memory as needed, and it will help you stay organized and efficient.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The human active memory system can be compared to a computer's random access memory (RAM). The RAM is where the computer stores data that is actively being used. When the computer needs to access this data, it can do so quickly and easily. The human active memory works in a similar way. It stores information that is currently being used so that it can be accessed quickly and easily.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a chemical reaction. Just as with any business process, if you want to speed up the overall reaction, you need to work on speeding up that slowest step. This analogy can be helpful for thinking about how to improve efficiency in any process—chemical or otherwise.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. The analogy for this would be if you are trying to move a couch across the room and it is too heavy, then no matter how many people you have helping, it will take a long time to move because that one person has to do all the work moving the couch.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One analogy for the rate-determining step of a reaction is to think of it as the speed at which your car can go on a certain road. The rate-determining step would be like finding out what the speed limit is on that road. If you want to go faster, you need to find a way to get around that speed limit.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Column chromatography is like a funnel. The smaller particles are at the top of the column and the larger particles are at the bottom.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Column chromatography is similar to sorting mail at the post office. The different colors of ink on an envelope (the compounds) can be separated by running the envelope through a series of filters with different colors. In column chromatography, the compounds are dissolved in a solvent and passed through a column packed with tiny pieces of material called adsorbents. Each type of compound will stick to a particular kind of adsorbent, allowing it to be separated from the other compounds.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Column chromatography is like sorting a deck of cards. The cards are placed in a column and different colors are pulled out one at a time.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is a bit like a well-oiled business machine. The individual pieces (molecules) are constantly in motion, but the overall system is stable and productive. When something disrupts the balance (a new molecule enters the mix, for example), the molecules will reorganize themselves until equilibrium is restored.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium can be thought of as a business that is always in flux, with new products and services being created while others are discontinued. The company strives to maintain a balance between its income and expenses so that it can continue to operate successfully. In the same way, the concentrations of chemicals in a solution reach a dynamic equilibrium as they react and interact with one another.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium can be thought of as a market in which the demand for and supply of a particular product are always in balance. In this analogy, the product is chemical equilibrium and the buyers are chemical species (molecules or atoms). The sellers are the elements that make up these molecules or atoms. Just as in any other market, if there is an imbalance between the amount of a product that people want to buy and the amount that is available for sale, either the price will go up until equilibrium is reached or some of the buyers will go without.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a storage container in the business world. It is used to store items or materials that are not currently needed. This can help to free up space elsewhere in the business and make it more organized.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole can be thought of as an individual's "spare change" purse. It is a place where the individual stores money that is not currently needed, but may be needed in the future. In the same way, a vacuole stores extra water and other resources that a cell may need at some point in the future.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a storage area in a business. It is used to store items that are not currently being used, but may be needed in the future. The vacuole is like a closet or cabinet where you can put away your clothes until you need them again.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The transport vesicles are like the mailroom in a business. The mailroom receives all of the letters and packages for the business and then distributes them to the appropriate departments. The transport vesicles do the same thing for molecules within the cell. They receive all of the molecules and then distribute them to the appropriate parts of the cell.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a small truck that delivers goods from one part of the company to another. The truck picks up goods from one location and drops them off at another, making it faster and easier for employees to move around the company. Like a transport vesicle, a business truck makes it easier for workers to do their job by moving goods quickly and efficiently between different parts of the company.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
If transport vesicles were a business, they would be the equivalent of FedEx or UPS. They are responsible for getting goods from one place to another as quickly and efficiently as possible. In the case of transport vesicles, these "goods" are proteins and other molecules that need to be delivered to specific parts of the cell.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like small businesses that have the potential to grow into big businesses. They may not be very profitable at first, but they have the potential to become major players in their industry. Oncogenes are like large businesses that have already achieved a lot of success. They may be more profitable than proto-oncogenes, but they also have a higher risk of failure.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the sales department of a company. They promote tumor growth by encouraging cells to divide and spread.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A proto-oncogene is like a regular gene, except that it has the potential to cause cancer. It's sort of like a car with the potential to become a deadly weapon. The car itself isn't dangerous, but if someone were to steal it and use it to run people over, it would be very harmful. In the same way, a proto-oncogene can cause cancer if it's mutated and starts dividing out of control.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Oncogenes are like viruses in a business. They can infect healthy cells and turn them into cancerous cells.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Oncogenes are like a business that is doing well and is making money. The oncogene makes the cells in the body grow and divide rapidly, which is good for the business because it means more products (cells) are being made. However, if something goes wrong with the oncogene or the company that owns it, things can quickly spiral out of control and result in cancer.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Oncogenes are like viruses in a business. They can infect healthy cells and turn them into cancerous cells.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes can be thought of as the quality control department for a business. They are responsible for making sure that all cells in the body are functioning properly and that any abnormal growths, or tumors, are detected and dealt with quickly. Like any good quality control department, tumor suppressor genes work tirelessly to keep things running smoothly so that the business can thrive.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a security guard in a business. The security guard's job is to protect the business from criminals and vandals. If the security guard fails to do his job, the criminals and vandals can cause damage to the business. Similarly, if a tumor suppressor gene fails to do its job, tumors can form and damage the body.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes can be thought of as the quality control department for a company. They make sure that mistakes (cancer) do not occur and that cells are functioning properly.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
If software is brittle, it means that it breaks easily and requires a lot of maintenance. A good analogy for brittle software would be something like old, rusty metal. It might still work, but it's prone to breaking and needs a lot of extra care in order to stay operational.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
 brittle software is like a glass figurine. It looks delicate and beautiful from a distance, but it's actually quite fragile. If you touch it or bump into it, it might shatter into pieces.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Software can be seen as a brittle and delicate object. Just like when you drop something fragile, it might break or shatter, the same can happen to software when it's subjected to too much stress or pressure. This is why software needs to be handled with care, just like any other valuable business asset.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Resonance hybrid can be analogized to a successful business. In both cases, there is a careful balance of elements (components/resources) that must be maintained in order for the system to thrive. Too much or too little of any one element can destabilize the system and lead to failure. In addition, each component/resource must be used efficiently and effectively in order to generate the most value for the collective whole.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Think of resonance hybrid as a team of experts in different fields who come together to create something special. Each expert brings their own knowledge and skills to the table, and by working together they are able to create something that is far greater than the sum of its parts.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A resonance hybrid is like a balance beam. It has two very heavy weights on one side and two light weights on the other. The heavy weights are the electron pairs in the oxygen atom, and the light weights are the electron pairs in the nitrogen atom. The nitrogen atom's electrons can move back and forth along the beam very easily, but the oxygen atom's electrons are much more stuck in place. So when you push down on one end of the beam, all of the weight moves to that end, but when you let go it swings back to where it started because of all of that movement from the nitrogen atoms' electrons.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a big ocean wave. The water at the top of the wave is moving quickly, while the water at the bottom is barely moving at all. This analogy can be used to explain how waves move through a material. A material will vibrate quickly at the surface (the top of the wave), and slowly near the bottom.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a group of people who are all standing in line and holding hands. When one person moves, the whole line moves with them. In the same way, when an electron in an atom moves, it causes the other electrons in the atom to move with it.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a group of people walking in a synchronized fashion. Just as the individuals in the group create waves of movement that pass through them, so too do the molecules in a substance create waves of movement that pass through them. The faster someone walks, the more quickly the wave passes through them. Similarly, when something is heated, its molecules move faster and thus create waves that pass through them more quickly.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The electroencephalogram can be thought of as a map of the brain's electrical activity. Just like businesses need maps to help them find their way around, doctors use EEGs to see how different parts of the brain are working.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The analogy of an EEG is that it is like a car's dashboard. It gives you information about what is going on inside the car while you are driving. The EEG does the same thing for your brain - it tells you what is happening in your brain while you are thinking or performing other activities.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The analogy could be between the brain and a computer. The electroencephalogram is like the read out of the computer, telling us what is going on inside the brain.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA replication is a bit like making a copy of a document. The DNA molecule is the original, and the copies are the new documents.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA replication is like a copy machine. The original document is placed on the glass plate and the copy machine makes a duplicate of the document.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a photocopier. The DNA molecule is like the original document, and the copies are the photocopies.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
In business, an individual might be hired as an employee to do a specific job. The individual's responsibilities are spelled out in a job description. This document serves as a guide for the employer and the employee alike, outlining what is expected of the employee and what benefits they can expect in return.Similarly, rna transcription occurs when a section of dna is read by enzymes called ribozymes. These enzymes follow the instructions found in the dna sequence to create a new strand of rna. Just as a job description outlines expectations and duties for an employee, the dna sequence provides information that determines how new strands of rna will be assembled.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
RNA transcription is a bit like making copies of a document. The original document is the DNA, and the copies are the RNA.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The process of RNA transcription can be likened to the process of a business making copies of important documents. The original document is like the DNA, and the copies are like the RNA. Just as businesses need a copier in order to make multiple copies of documents, cells need an enzyme called RNA polymerase in order to make multiple copies of DNA molecules.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Protein translation is a bit like making a cake. Just as you need flour, sugar, eggs and butter to make a cake, your body needs different types of protein to build muscles, skin and organs. The recipe for each type of protein is written out in DNA (the genetic code), just as the recipe for each type of cake is written down in a cookbook. To make the cake (or proteins), special machines called ribosomes read the recipe from DNA and use it to assemble chains of amino acids (the ingredients).	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Let's say you're the CEO of a company. You have a message that you want to get out to your employees, but you can't just yell it across the room - they need to be able to read it. So, you write down the message on a sheet of paper and put it in an envelope. You give the envelope to your assistant, who takes it across the room and hands it to one of your employees. The employee opens up the envelope, pulls out the sheet of paper, and reads what you wrote. Then, they take action based on your message.This is basically how protein translation works. The genetic code is like the message written down on paper, while ribosomes are like your assistant taking it across the room and handing it to an employee. The employee is called tRNA (transfer RNA), and they "read" the genetic code and use it to build a protein molecule based on instructions from mRNA (molecular messenger RNA).	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
 Protein translation is the process of creating a protein molecule from an mRNA sequence. This can be likened to a business translating a foreign language document into English so that it can be understood by its employees. The mRNA is like the original document, and the resulting protein is like the translated document.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a complex business network. The different parts of the ecosystem (such as producers, consumers, and decomposers) interact with one another to create a balanced system in which all the elements are necessary for the whole to function. In order for a business to thrive, it needs to have a strong network of suppliers and customers who interact with each other to create value. Just like in an ecosystem, if any part of the business network is disrupted or removed, the whole system can collapse.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The ecosystem of a business is like the environment of an animal. The company is the animal, and its customers, suppliers, partners, and competitors are all part of its environment. The company's products and services are like the food that it eats, and the money it makes is like the air it breathes.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
An ecosystem is like a business. The different parts of the ecosystem (in this analogy, the different departments of a company) all work together to keep things running smoothly and create an environment where success can thrive. Just as each department in a company has its own specific role to play, each component of an ecosystem has an important job to do in order for the system as a whole to function properly.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A business student might understand the propagation of an action potential down a neuron using the analogy of an electric current traveling down a wire. Just as electricity travels down a wire more easily when the wire is in good condition, so too does the electric current travel down a neuron more easily when the neuron is healthy. Damaged or unhealthy neurons may not be able to carry an action potential very far, which can impair communication between different parts of the brain.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The action potential can be thought of as an email. The "sender" is the neuron's cell body and the "receiver" is the synapse. The neurotransmitters are like the email's subject line and content. When the sender (cell body) sends an impulse down its axon, it creates a tiny electrical current. This current travels down to the end of the axon where it triggers a release of neurotransmitters into the synaptic cleft. The neurotransmitters diffuse across the gap and attach to receptor sites on the receiving neuron's membrane. This causes changes in electric charge that propagate along the surface of the neuron, eventually triggering another action potential at that neuron's synapse with yet another neuron	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
When someone sends an email, it starts at the person's computer and travels through the internet to the recipient's computer. An action potential in a neuron is similar - it starts at the neuron's cell body and travels down its axon to its terminals.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Lungs are like a car's gas tank. The frog breathes in through its nose, and the air goes into its lungs. The lungs are like a balloon that gets bigger and smaller as the frog breathes in and out. When the frog exhales, it pushes all of the carbon dioxide out of its lungs.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Breathing in frogs is similar to a person inhaling. The lungs fill up with air and the diaphragm contracts, pushing down on the stomach and forcing the air into the lungs. When you exhale, your stomach muscles push the air out of your lungs. Frogs use their ribs to help them breathe. They can inflate their ribcage when they take a breath in and deflate it when they breathe out, which helps them get more air into their lungs.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Breathing in frogs is a little bit like how a vacuum cleaner works. The frog's lungs are like the bag of the vacuum cleaner and when they suck in air, it goes into their lungs. Then, when they push out the air, it goes back out of their body through their nose.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The analogy of layered architecture is the construction of a building. The foundation is the first layer, and it is important because it provides stability for the rest of the building. The walls, ceilings, and floors are the next layers, and they provide structure and support for people and objects inside the building. Finally, the roof protects everyone and everything in the building from weather conditions outside.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A layered architecture can be thought of as an onion. The outside layer is the easiest to access and the inside layer is the most difficult. Each layer represents a different level of abstraction.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A layered architecture is like having a layer cake. Each layer is built on top of the other, and each has a specific purpose. The bottom layer is the foundation, and it supports the weight of the upper layers. The next layer up is the frosting, which makes the cake look pretty and adds flavor. The third layer is made up of all of the different flavors of cake, such as chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry. Finally, the topmost layer is decorated with sprinkles or icing.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in the business world. For example, let's say your company wants to produce 100 widgets using two different resources: tin and copper. If the company has only 50 pounds of tin, it will be able to make only 50 widgets. Even if the company has 500 pounds of copper, it will still only be able to make 50 widgets because there is not enough tin to go around. In this analogy, tin would be the limiting reactant and copper would be the excess reactant.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One way to think about limiting and excess reactants is in terms of a business. Imagine that you own a bakery and are making 1000 cookies. You need flour, sugar, eggs, butter, and baking powder to make the cookies. The recipe for the cookies calls for 1 cup of each ingredient. If you only have 500 cups of each ingredient, then you will only be able to make 500 cookies because that is all the ingredients you have. The flour is the limiting reactant because it is being used up first in the reaction. The sugar, eggs, butter, and baking powder are all excess reactants because they are not being used up in the reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One way to think about it is that a limiting reactant is like a scarce resource, while an excess reactant is like unlimited resources. For example, imagine your company has only one factory and it can produce 100 widgets per day. If demand for widgets exceeds production capacity (100 widgets/day), then the factory will run out of widgets by the end of the day- this would be analogous to a limiting reactant scenario. On the other hand, if your company had two factories and each could produce 200 widgets per day, then meeting demand for 300 widgets/day would be analogous to an excess reactant scenario.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The cell is like a small business. The nucleus is the CEO, and the mitochondria are the workers. The cytoplasm is the office space, and the plasma membrane is the door.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell can be thought of as a small business. The nucleus is the CEO, while the mitochondria are the workers. The plasma membrane is the fence around the property and the cytoplasm is the grounds.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell is a bit like a small business. It has a CEO (the nucleus), managers (the organelles), and employees (the cytoplasm). The CEO sets the goals for the company and oversees everything, while the managers are responsible for specific functions within the company, such as marketing or accounting. And finally, the employees do the actual work to make the company successful.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell could be compared to a small business. The prokaryotic cell is the owner of the small business and it has complete control over all aspects of the company. The prokaryotic cell can make decisions about what products or services to offer, how to market them, and who to hire/fire. It also oversees production and handles all financial transactions.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. The cell has a limited amount of resources and it needs to use them efficiently in order to survive. It also needs to be able to respond quickly to changes in its environment.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell can be thought of as a small business. The cell has a CEO (the nucleus), workers (ribosomes), and customers (other cells). The CEO is in charge of the workers, who produce products for the customers.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The analogy is of the kernel as the brains of a computer. The kernel controls everything that happens on the computer and manages all the resources. It allocates memory, handles input and output, runs programs and organizes files. Just like how a human brain coordinates all the activities of the body, so too does the kernel coordinate all the activities of a computer system.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The analogy should be suitable for a business student.A kernel is the innermost part of a nut. It's hard, protects the nut's contents, and is surrounded by a softer layer. In computing, the kernel is the most fundamental component of an operating system. Just as the kernel is essential to protect the nut's contents, so too is the kernel essential to protect an operating system's data and devices. The kernel forms a foundation upon which all other functions and applications are built.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A kernel is the brains of a computer. It manages all the basic functions of the machine and ensures that everything runs smoothly. In a business, the kernel would be responsible for managing payroll, accounting, and other essential operations.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is like a worker who is only able to do a certain amount of work in a day. The other reactants are like the workers who can help do the work, but they need the limiting reactant to finish the job.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant can be thought of as the "bottleneck" in a production process. Just like a real bottleneck can limit the amount of product that can be produced, a limiting reactant can limit the amount of chemical reaction that can occur. In other words, if you have too much of one reactant and not enough of another, the first reactant will become the limiting reactant.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One way to think about a limiting reactant is as a scarce resource in a factory. In this analogy, the reactants are workers, and the products are the things they produce. The limiting reactant is the worker who can't keep up with the demand for products- he's running out of resources (time) to produce them.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Helicase can be compared to a forklift. It is responsible for moving cargo (nucleotides) around in the cell and helping to create new DNA strands.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Helicase is a bit like the gears in a car. Just as the gears need to be well oiled and working properly for the car to run smoothly, helicase needs to be lubricated and functioning correctly for DNA replication to take place.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Helicase can be thought of as a taxi driver. The driver is responsible for getting passengers from point A to point B. In the same way, helicase helps DNA strands move around and interact with other proteins.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A replication binding protein is like a secretary. The secretary's job is to help organize and keep track of the office's resources, making sure that everything runs smoothly. In the same way, replication binding proteins help keep track of the DNA strands during replication, organizing them so that duplication can occur correctly.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Replication binding proteins are like the glue that binds two pieces of paper together. Just as the adhesive holds the paper together, the replication binding proteins keep DNA together as it is replicated.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the glue that holds DNA together. They help to keep the strands of DNA together and ensure that the right pieces are copied properly during replication. Without these proteins, DNA would fall apart and be unable to replicate.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Ligase can be thought of as a “glue” that helps to hold together two DNA strands. Just as glue can help to hold together different pieces of paper, ligase helps to hold together the two DNA strands.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
If you think of enzymes as tiny workers, then ligases are the foremen. They direct the work that needs to be done and make sure everything is running smoothly. Just like a good foreman, ligases keep track of all the little details so that everything comes together in the end.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Ligase can be thought of as the glue that binds two pieces of paper together. Just as ligase joins two pieces of paper, it also helps to join DNA strands together. This process is important for repairing damaged DNA and creating new DNA sequences.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A process control block (PCB) is a collection of data that is used to manage a process. The data in the PCB can be used to make decisions about how to optimize the process. The PCB can also be used to track the progress of the process and identify any problems that may occur.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	0
A process control block (PCB) can be thought of as an imaginary box that surrounds and oversees a specific business process. The PCB contains all the important information needed to manage and monitor the process, such as performance goals, targets, and measurements. Any changes or updates to the process must be made in the PCB first, ensuring that any modifications do not disrupt or negatively affect the overall function of the business process.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A control block is like the steering wheel of a car. It allows the driver to direct the car where they want it to go. In a business, the control block is like the CEO or manager. They are responsible for directing the company in the right direction.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
When you send a message, you are encoding it into a format that can be read by the receiver. This is analogous to sending an email in English instead of Spanish - the recipient will be able to understand the message without any special software or knowledge.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Message encoding is like translating a message from one language to another. The translator must understand the grammar and vocabulary of both languages in order to accurately translate the message.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Let's say you're traveling to another country and need to tell your friend back home about all the amazing things you did. You could write a long letter, but it would be much easier to use a phone. When you talk on the phone, your voice is converted into electrical signals that are sent over wires to your friend's house. Your friend's phone converts the electrical signals back into sound so they can hear what you're saying.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One could think of drug-receptor interactions as being a bit like two businesspeople trying to make a deal. The drug is the businessman and the receptor site is the potential customer. In order for either party to agree to do business together, they first need to meet and get to know each other. This process is known as binding. Once they have met and decided that they want to work together, the next step is negotiation in order to come up with an agreement that works for both parties. This analogy can be further broken down into four steps:1) Binding: Just as two people need to physically meet before they can negotiate a deal, so too do drugs and receptor sites need to bind (or attach) together in order for any interaction between them to take place. This binding process occurs when the drug molecule attaches itself onto the receptor site on the surface of cells.2) Activation: After binding has taken place, it's then necessary for one or both parties involved in negotiations (in this case, the drug and receptor site) to activate each other. In most cases, it's the drug that activates receptors by sending out specific signals that tell them what kind of activity they should start carrying out.3) Response: Once activated, receptors will go about performing whatever function has been asked of them by the drug molecule. This may include releasing certain chemicals or hormones, changing how other proteins are behaving inside cells, or even destroying cells altogether.4) Termination: Finally, after doing their job(s), receptors usually terminate their activities by breaking down or getting recycled back into cell membranes.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One analogy for the interaction between drugs and receptor sites is that of a lock and key. The drug is the key, and the receptor site is the lock. When the key (drug) fits into the lock (receptor site), it opens up and allows something to happen, such as a message being sent.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
 suppose that you are the manager of a small business. your company manufactures and sells widgets. one day, you learn that a new competitor has entered the market and is selling widgets at a lower price than you do. what can you do to stay competitive?one option would be to lower your prices. another option would be to find ways to make your widgets more appealing to customers. for example, you could improve the quality of your widgets or offer additional features or services.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A monitor is like a window into your business. It allows you to see what is happening in real-time, and helps you make better decisions based on that information.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A monitor is like the dashboard of a car. It provides information about what is happening with the vehicle and allows the driver to make changes as needed. A business student might think of a monitor as a way to track financial data, sales figures, or other important metrics.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A monitor is like a supervisor in a business. They are responsible for overseeing the work that is done, ensuring that it is completed correctly and on time. They also provide support and guidance to employees as needed.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A CPU is like a worker in a factory. The worker gets directions from the boss (the program) and starts working on the task at hand. While the worker is working, they are constantly looking for new tasks to do (other instructions).	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
One way to think of a CPU is as the brain of a computer. Just as the human brain controls all the functions of the body, so too does the CPU control all the functions of a computer. The CPU handles things like reading and writing data to memory, running programs, and managing peripherals.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A CPU can be thought of as an office worker. The office worker's job is to complete tasks that are assigned to them. The CPU completes the tasks that are assigned to it by the software that is running on the computer.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The motherboard is the foundation of a computer. It holds all of the essential components and allows them to communicate with each other. The motherboard is like the central nervous system of a computer, coordinating everything that happens inside.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as a company’s organizational chart. It shows the different levels of management, and how they are related to each other. It also shows the different departments within the company, and how they are related to each other.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It houses all of the key components that allow the computer to function, including the CPU, memory, and storage. It also provides connections for input devices like keyboards and mice, output devices like monitors, and networking cables.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Ram is like a computer's temporary working memory. When the computer is turned on, it loads its operating system and other software from the hard drive into RAM. This allows the computer to access this information quickly and run programs. RAM is also used to store data that is being processed by a program. When the program ends, the data is usually deleted from RAM.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Ram is like a hard drive in that it is used to store data. However, unlike a hard drive, ram is volatile which means that once power is removed the data will be lost. Ram also tends to be faster than a hard drive.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Ram can be thought of as an office worker who is always up for doing more work. He is always on the lookout for new tasks to take on, and he never hesitates to jump in and help out. Ram is always productive and motivated, which makes him a valuable member of any team.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as the batteries in a toy car. Just as the battery powers the toy car, a power supply unit powers a computer. The power supply converts standard AC voltage from the wall into DC voltage that is needed by the computer.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as the engine that powers a company's operations. Just like an engine needs fuel to run, a power supply unit needs electricity to function. The power supply unit takes electricity from the grid and converts it into a form that is usable by computers and other electronics. It then regulates and distributes that power to where it is needed in the company.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The power supply unit is the heart of a computer. It takes AC power from the wall outlet and converts it to DC power that the computer can use. The PSU also has fans to keep it cool, and connectors for attaching drives, fans, and other devices.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	0
A keyboard is like a telephone keypad. Just as you would press the 2 button on a phone to call someone with that number, you would press the "2" key on a keyboard to type that letter.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Think about a keyboard as an office assistant. The keyboard is always there to help you out and make your work easier. It's always available when you need it and is quick to respond. Plus, it knows all the shortcuts to get things done quickly!	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The keyboard is like a telephone keypad. Just as you would dial a phone number by pressing the keys on the phone, you type text by pressing the keys on the keyboard.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A mouse is like a fast, small car. It's easy to move around and can get you where you want to go quickly.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A mouse is like a secretary. The mouse helps you move around your computer and select different things to do or look at.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
When you use a mouse on your computer, it is like when you use a joystick to control the movement of an airplane. The mouse moves the cursor around on the screen, and when you click or double-click on something, it is like pressing a button on the joystick to make the airplane move in that direction.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The audio card is like the shipping department for a company. It handles all of the shipments coming in and going out, making sure that everything arrives on time and in the right place.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
An audio card is like a salesperson. It helps to create and deliver the message to the customer.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
An audio card can be thought of as a translator. It takes the digital information that is encoded on a CD or other storage device and turns it into an analog signal that can be heard through a speaker.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A video card can be thought of as a type of printer. Just like a normal printer, a video card prints out images on paper. However, the images that are printed out by a video card are displayed on a computer screen instead of being put onto paper.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A video card is like a printer for computers. Just as printers allow you to create physical copies of documents, video cards let your computer create visual representations of digital information. This information can come in the form of text, images, or videos, and it can be used for anything from creating presentations and reports to watching movies or playing games.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A video card can be compared to a printer. Just as a printer prints out text and images from a computer, a video card takes the digital data from the CPU and turns it into pictures that can be displayed on a monitor.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The tree's age calculation can be analogy to a human's lifespan. Just as humans are born, grow older, and eventually die, trees are planted (born), grow taller and wider over time, and eventually lose their leaves and branches (die). In both cases however, there is no precise way to determine when exactly an individual will reach each stage of life - it could happen anywhere within the range given for that particular demographic. So too with trees: we can estimate that a tree planted in 1990 is about 27 years old, but it's possible that the specific tree in question reached maturity somewhat earlier or later than that.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A tree's age calculation is similar to the way a company calculates its years in business. The company starts with Year 1, and each year it adds one more year to its total. So, at Year 4, the company has been in business for four years.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A tree's age calculation is like a company's accounting system. The tree has an initial value (birth), and it accumulates additions over time. These additions may be positive (new growth) or negative (debris, pests, diseases). At any point in time, the total value of the tree can be calculated by summing all the addition since birth.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Glycolysis can be thought of as the process of producing energy by breaking down sugar molecules. In a similar way, a business can produce energy by breaking down sales and profit figures. The business analogy can be further refined by thinking of the sugar molecule as something like revenue, and the products of glycolysis (ATP, NADH, etc) as something like profits.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Glycolysis is like a company that sells candy. The company buys sugar and other ingredients from suppliers, then makes the candy in its own factory. The company sells the candy to customers, who eat it and get energy from it.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The process of glycolysis can be thought of as the production line in a factory. Glucose is like the raw materials that come into the factory, and pyruvate is like the finished product that comes out of the factory. Enzymes are like the workers in the factory who help to turn glucose into pyruvate.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
When light hits something, it can be either absorbed or scattered. If the light is absorbed, then it's gone and we can't see what was hit. If the light is scattered, then it reflects off of whatever it hit in all directions. Think of anti-stokes scattering as a way to scatter the light back in the opposite direction. This happens when something hits a particle that's already been scattering light in all directions. The new light scatters off of the old particles in the opposite direction, which pushes them back out and makes it easier to see whatever was hit.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
When light is scattered by small particles, it can be thought of as a group of people pushing their way through a crowded room. The people (light) that are traveling slowest (scattered light) are forced to the side by the people moving faster. This is similar to how light scatters when it encounters small particles in the air.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
When two people are talking at a business meeting, and one person speaks loudly, the sound waves created by that person's voice will be stronger than the sound waves created by the other person. This is because the loud speaker is creating more energy in their sound waves than the other person. When these sound waves hit someone's ear, it will be easier for the energy from the louder speaker's waves to push them out of the way then it will be for the energy from the quieter speaker's waves. This analogy can help explain how anti-stokes scattering works. The louder speaker in this analogy would represent a photon with more energy, while the quieter speaker would represent a photon with less energy. Just as it is easier for a louder conversation to overpower a quieter conversation at a business meeting, it is easier for photons with more energy to scatter photons with less energy during anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Stokes scattering is similar to light reflection in that it causes a change in the direction of waves. In stokes scattering, particles scatter waves depending on their size and mass. This analogy can be best explained with an example from the business world. Let's say you are the owner of a small business. You have worked hard to create a successful company and you want to keep it growing. To do this, you will need to attract new customers and keep them coming back for more. One way to do this is by implementing a good marketing strategy. You may also want to consider using stokes scattering to bring in new customers. Stokes scattering works by sending out tiny particles into the atmosphere that will then reflect or scatter waves of light (in our case, marketing messages) in all directions. This can help your business reach more people and ultimately increase sales	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Stokes scattering is like a group of people in a room throwing pieces of paper up into the air and watching them drift back down. The person who throws the paper up is like the light source, and the people in the room are like atoms or molecules in the material that scatters the light.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A good analogy for stokes scattering is the movement of particles in a fluid. Imagine you have a jar of muddy water. If you shake the jar, the mud will move around and eventually settle back to the bottom. This is similar to what happens when light waves pass through a substance like glass. The light wave will cause particles (muddy water) to move around and then they will settle down again (like the mud at the bottom of your jar).	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The median lethal dose (LD50) is the amount of a toxin that kills 50% of the test population. It can be thought of as the poison's "dosage" or "strength." Imagine you are a business student who has been asked to develop a new product for your company. Your task is to create a deadly toxin that can kill any person who ingests it. You must ensure that the dosage is just right, so that only half of those who consume it will die. Anything more than the median lethal dose would be too powerful and could kill everyone, while anything less would not be potent enough to do its job.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a toxin that will kill 50% of a population. This can be thought of as the "lethal dose" or "poison dose" for a particular substance. It is important to note that the median lethal dose does not mean that half of those exposed will die, but rather it is the dosage at which half of the test subjects died.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	0
The median lethal dose is the amount of a toxin that can kill 50% of the people who consume it. In other words, it's the dose that's deadly to half of those exposed to it. To put this in business terms, think about it as the point at which half of your customers would stop doing business with you.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The universe can be likened to a large company. Just as the universe is composed of many smaller parts, a company is made up of many smaller divisions. Just as the planets and stars in the universe move in their own unique orbits, different parts of a company have their own individual functions. And finally, just as the universe has been around for billions of years, companies are often generational entities that endure for centuries.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The universe can be likened to a business. Imagine that the universe is a large company with billions of employees (galaxies, stars, planets, etc). The company has a CEO who oversees everything and makes decisions for the good of the company. Employees work together to achieve goals and contribute their unique talents and skills to help the company succeed. Some employees are in management positions while others are in lower-level positions. The company has rules and regulations that must be followed in order for it to function effectively. There is also an organizational chart which outlines how different parts of the company are structured. Finally, just as businesses have budgets, the universe has limited resources which must be managed carefully	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The universe can be analogized to a business. The Big Bang was the company's inception, and over time, it has grown in size and complexity. The planets, stars, and other celestial objects are like the company's products and services. They vary in size, function, and value. Comets and asteroids are like financial risks - they may have high potential payoff but also carry substantial risk. Black holes are like the company's liabilities - they consume everything around them but don't produce anything themselves.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like the workers in a factory. They do the important job of converting one substance into another. In a business analogy, enzymes would be the people who work on the production line and convert raw materials into products that can be sold to consumers.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The enzyme is like a clerk in a business. The molecule that the enzyme works on is like a customer who comes into the store. The enzyme takes the molecule and helps to change it, just as the clerk would help a customer with their purchase.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Enzyme mechanism is like a business. The enzyme is the company and the substrate is the customer. The product that the enzyme creates is the service that the company provides. The reaction occurs when the customer pays for the service.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The analogy of anova is the analysis of a survey by breaking it down into smaller parts. This allows you to see how different groups responded to the questions on the survey.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
You have a product that you want to sell. You have two ways of selling it, online and in store. You set up an experiment to see which way is more effective. In your experiment, you have 10 people who buy the product online and 10 people who buy the product in store. You want to know if there is a difference between how well the product sells online and in store. To find out, you use anova.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
An ANOVA can be thought of as a statistical test that is used to determine if there is a significant difference between the means of two or more groups. It can be used to compare the means of two independent groups, or to compare the means of a single group before and after it has been subjected to some form of treatment. The test works by comparing the variability within each group with the variability between groups. If the variance between groups is greater than the variance within groups, then it can be concluded that there is a statistically significant difference between the means of those groups.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A thermostat is like a human body. It has a set point, which is the temperature that it wants to be at. The thermostat also has sensors that can detect the temperature of the room and it will adjust the furnace or air conditioner to try and reach the desired temperature.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A thermostat is like a boss. The boss tells the employees what to do and when to do it in order to keep the company running smoothly. The thermostat does the same thing for your house by telling the furnace and air conditioner what to do in order to keep you comfortable.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A thermostat is like a boss. It sets the temperature and makes sure it stays consistent.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that has too much inventory. The company tries to sell as much product as possible, but eventually they will reach a point where they cannot sell any more product and they will have to start selling products at a loss. At this point, the company is in equilibrium because it has reached a balance between the amount of products it has and the amount of products it can sell.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a balance in a business. If you have more money coming in than going out, your balance will increase. If you have more money going out than coming in, your balance will decrease. The same is true for chemical equilibrium - if the concentration of reactants is greater than the concentration of products, the reaction will proceed until the concentrations are equal.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that has been in operation for a long time. The company has many products and services, and it has reached a point where it can no longer increase its output. In fact, if the company tried to produce more, it would actually produce less because of the increased amount of waste and wear and tear on the machinery. The same is true for chemical equilibrium; as the concentration of reactants or products increases, the rate of reaction decreases until it reaches a point at which equilibrium is established.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Just-in-time is like having a personal assistant who helps you stay organized and on top of your work. The assistant keeps track of what you need to do and when it needs to be done, and makes sure that everything gets done on time.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Just-in-time is like having a personal assistant who helps you get what you need when you need it. For example, if you need office supplies, your assistant will get them for you as soon as possible so that you don't have to worry about it.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Just-in-time is like having a personal assistant who helps you get everything done just in time for your meeting. She makes sure that all the materials you need are ready and waiting for you when you arrive, and she even takes care of any last-minute emergencies that might come up.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an organization’s ability to change and improve over time in response to new challenges or opportunities. Just as a business must continually adapt its products, services, and strategies to stay ahead of the competition, so too must the immune system constantly adapt to new threats. This involves not only detecting and eliminating pathogens but also remembering them so that future infections are more likely to be repelled.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an organization’s ability to rapidly adapt and respond to changes in its environment. For example, a business might need to quickly adapt its products and services in response to changing consumer needs or preferences. The business might also need to adjust its marketing strategy or operations in order to stay competitive. Similarly, the immune system must constantly adapt and respond to new threats posed by viruses and bacteria.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an immune system that "learns" after being exposed to a pathogen. The next time the person is exposed to that pathogen, their adaptive immune system will be better prepared to fight it off, because it has learned from the previous exposure. This analogy might be helpful: Adaptive immunity can be thought of as your company's IT department learning from past security breaches and becoming better equipped to protect your company's data in the future.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The flow of electricity through a wire is like the flow of water through a pipe. Just as the width of the pipe (in inches) affects how much water can flow through it in one minute, so does the thickness of a wire (in gauge) affect how much electricity can flow through it in one minute. The voltage is like the pressure of the water, and just as gallons per minute multiplied by pressure equals total volume (water), volts multiplied by amps equals watts.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Ohm's law can be thought of as a flow of water analogy. Just as water flows from high pressure to low pressure, electricity flows from high voltage to low voltage. The higher the voltage (pressure), the more current (flow) will flow. The lower the resistance (restriction), the more current will flow.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A simple analogy for Ohm's law is a water hose. The flow of water through the hose (current) is affected by the water pressure (voltage) and the size of the hose opening (resistance).	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Transcription is like taking meeting minutes. You are listening to what is being said and writing it down verbatim so that everyone has a clear understanding of the discussion.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Transcription is like taking meeting notes. You are listening to someone speak and writing down what they say as accurately as possible.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Transcription is like taking meeting notes. You are listening to someone talk and writing down what they say so that you can refer to it later.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
RNA polymerase is like a secretary who takes dictation. The DNA molecule is like a boss who dictates the instructions for making a protein. The RNA polymerase reads the instructions and makes a copy of them in RNA form.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
RNA polymerase is like a secretary. The secretary takes dictation from the boss, and then types it up into a document. In the same way, RNA polymerase takes instructions from DNA (the boss), and creates a new piece of RNA (a document).	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for RNA polymerase would be a worker who is hired to produce a product. The worker begins by reading the instructions for making the product, and then starts creating it. As the worker creates the product, they continuously check their work to make sure that it meets the standards specified in the instructions.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are like machines in a factory. The machines read the instructions on the blueprint and then build the product according to those instructions.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. The DNA is like the blueprint for the machine, and the RNA is like the instructions that tell the machine what to do.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines that make the products in a factory. The ribosomes read the instructions (the genetic code) and assemble the proteins according to those instructions.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The activator protein is like a key that unlocks the door to the company's vault. The activator protein allows access to the company's assets, which can then be used to generate profits.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
The activator protein is like the CEO of a company. It is responsible for making sure that everything runs smoothly and that all of the employees are doing their jobs correctly.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks the door to a room. The activator protein binds to another molecule called the promoter, which is located near the gene that needs to be activated. When the activator protein and promoter are bound together, they form a complex that can then bind to DNA-binding proteins called transcription factors. This triggers the transcription of the gene into RNA, which ultimately results in the expression of the gene's product.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Electricity is like water in a pipe. The voltage (pressure) is like the water pressure, and the current (flow rate) is like the flow rate of the water. Just as you can have different sizes of pipes, you can have different voltages and currents. You can also have multiple circuits running in parallel, just as you can have multiple pipes carrying water simultaneously.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Electricity is like water in a pipe. The voltage (water pressure) is the force that pushes the electricity through the wire. The current (amount of water) is how much electricity flows through the wire at any given time. The resistance (pipe size) is how hard it is for the electricity to flow through the wire.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Electricity is like water flowing through a pipe. Voltage is the pressure of the electricity, just like water pressure. Resistance is like the size of the pipe - a small resistance will let more electricity flow than a large resistance. Amperage is how much electricity is flowing at any one time, similar to water flow rate in gallons per minute.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Water droplets will stick to each other and form a larger drop. This is because the water molecules are attracted to each other due to their polarity. The hydrogen atoms in the water molecule are positive, while the oxygen atom is negative. Nonpolar substances, such as oil, do not have this same polarity and thus the water droplets will bead up and roll off of an object that is coated in oil. This is known as the hydrophobic effect.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	0
The hydrophobic effect can be likened to the way oil and water do not mix. The oil is hydrophobic, meaning it does not like water, while the water is hydrophilic, meaning it likes water. This analogy can be used to explain why some substances (like oils) do not dissolve in other substances (like water).	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Water molecules are attracted to each other by hydrogen bonds. This attraction creates a cohesive force that gives water its unique properties, such as its ability to flow over surfaces and evaporate easily. However, when water molecules are exposed to certain non-polar substances (hydrophobic materials), the attraction between the water molecules is weaker than the attraction between the water molecules and the hydrophobic material. This causes the water to form droplets around the hydrophobic material, since it is more energetically favorable for the water molecules to be grouped together than it is for them to be scattered randomly among non-polar substances.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	0
The process of converting a biological signal into an electrical or chemical signal is similar to how a company converts customer orders into sales. The customer's order (the biological signal) is received by the company, and then it is processed and turned into a sale (an electrical or chemical signal).	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as the process by which a company receives and responds to feedback from its customers. The customer feedback (the biological signal) is transmitted through various channels, such as surveys, focus groups, and social media platforms. The company's management team then evaluates the feedback and decides how to respond (transduce the signal). This might involve making changes to the product or service, developing new marketing campaigns, or implementing new policies.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a process similar to the way that email is transmitted. A sender (in this analogy, a molecule or enzyme) creates an email message and attaches it to an outgoing transmission line. The message is then sent through the internet (the cellular membrane in this analogy), where it is received by all of the recipients who have subscribed to that particular address (receptor proteins on the surface of cells).	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a business student.	ht	business	1
Nadh is the "fuel" of the body's energy production system. It is a coenzyme that is necessary for the body to produce energy from food.	nadh	Using a business analogy, explain nadh.	lt	business	0
Proteins are like the employees of a business. They are responsible for carrying out the tasks that keep the business running. Some proteins are responsible for building new cells, while others are responsible for digesting food.	proteins	Using a business analogy, explain proteins.	lt	business	1
DNA is the blueprint for life. It is a molecule that contains the genetic instructions used in the development and functioning of all living organisms.	dna	Using a business analogy, explain dna.	lt	business	0
Glycogen is a carbohydrate that is stored in the liver and muscles. It is used to provide energy for the body.	glycogen	Using a business analogy, explain glycogen.	lt	business	0
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the shipping and receiving department of a business. It is responsible for getting products in and out of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a business analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	lt	business	1
Golgi is the "accounting department" of a business. It is responsible for tracking and recording the financial transactions of the company. It also prepares financial reports for management and shareholders.	golgi	Using a business analogy, explain golgi.	lt	business	0
The plasma membrane is the boundary between the inside of a cell and the outside environment. It is a selectively permeable barrier that allows some substances to pass through while preventing others from entering or leaving the cell. The plasma membrane is composed of a lipid bilayer with embedded proteins.	plasma membrane	Using a business analogy, explain plasma membrane.	lt	business	0
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They recycle old materials and turn them into new materials that the business can use. In the same way, lysosomes recycle old proteins and turn them into new proteins that the cell can use.	lysosome	Using a business analogy, explain lysosome.	lt	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the accounting department of a business. They keep track of all the financial transactions that occur in the cell and make sure everything is balanced. They also produce and break down hydrogen peroxide, which is why they are called peroxisomes.	peroxisomes	Using a business analogy, explain peroxisomes.	lt	business	1
Mitochondria are the "powerhouses" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP).	mitochondria	Using a business analogy, explain mitochondria.	lt	business	0
A chloroplast is like a small business. It has a lot of employees who work together to produce something that is beneficial to the company. The chloroplast produces glucose for the plant, which is used for energy.	chloroplast	Using a business analogy, explain chloroplast.	lt	business	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides support to the cells and helps them to maintain their shape. It also helps to transport materials in and out of the cells.	cytoskeleton	Using a business analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	lt	business	1
ATP is the currency of energy for all cellular activity. It is produced by the mitochondria and is used to power all biochemical reactions in the body.	atp	Using a business analogy, explain atp.	lt	business	0
NADPH is like the fuel that a business needs to run. It is necessary for the production of energy in the body.	nadph	Using a business analogy, explain nadph.	lt	business	1
A peroxysome is a small organelle in the cytoplasm of a cell. It is a type of microbody and is involved in the oxidation of fatty acids.	peroxysome	Using a business analogy, explain peroxysome.	lt	business	0
Mytochondria are the "business brains" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy (ATP) for the cell to use. Mytochondria are also responsible for the cell's metabolism and for maintaining the cell's balance.	mytochondria	Using a business analogy, explain mytochondria.	lt	business	0
Electric forces are like the forces that hold two magnets together. They are also like the forces that hold two pieces of metal together.	electric forces	Using a business analogy, explain electric forces.	lt	business	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a company's office space. The higher the orbital, the more space the company has. The lower the orbital, the less space the company has.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a business analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	lt	business	1
The first line of defense in the body is the skin. The skin is the body's first line of defense against infection, injury, and other environmental threats. The skin is made up of three layers: the epidermis, the dermis, and the hypodermis. The epidermis is the outermost layer of the skin and is made up of squamous cells. The dermis is the layer of the skin that contains hair follicles, sweat glands, and sebaceous glands. The hypodermis is the layer of the skin that contains fat cells. The skin is a barrier that protects the body from infection and injury.	first line of defense in the body	Using a business analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	lt	business	0
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They are responsible for cleaning up debris and pathogens in the body. They also play a role in activating the immune system to fight infection.	macrophages	Using a business analogy, explain macrophages.	lt	business	1
A t-helper cell is like a manager in a business. They help to organize and coordinate the activities of the other cells in the immune system. They also help to activate the immune response when needed.	t-helper cells	Using a business analogy, explain t-helper cells.	lt	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like the accountants of the immune system. They are responsible for remembering the specific details of infections that the body has encountered in the past. This information is used to create immunity against those infections.	b-lymphocytes	Using a business analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	lt	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the CEO of a company. They are in charge of making sure the company's goals are met and that all the other employees are doing their jobs correctly. They also work to protect the company from outside threats.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a business analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	lt	business	1
In business, an invasion of bacterias can be likened to a hostile takeover. Just as a business can be overtaken by a rival company, a bacterium can take over a host cell and use its resources to replicate. This can be harmful to the host cell and can even lead to its death.	invasion of bacterias	Using a business analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	lt	business	1
Action potential is like a company's sales department. The sales department is responsible for generating sales and bringing in revenue for the company. The action potential is responsible for generating electrical signals that allow the cells in the body to communicate with each other.	action potential	Using a business analogy, explain action potential.	lt	business	1
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed on a strip of paper and the different components travel different distances, depending on their size and weight. The different components can then be identified by their color.	experiment of chromatography	Using a business analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	lt	business	0
The main-sequence lifetime of a star is the length of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. The longer a star spends on the main sequence, the more massive it is. The most massive stars have the shortest main-sequence lifetimes, while the least massive stars have the longest main-sequence lifetimes.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a business analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	lt	business	0
The nucleus is the brain of the cell. It is responsible for controlling the cell's activities, including reproduction.	nucleus	Using a business analogy, explain nucleus.	lt	business	0
Ribosomes are the "factories" of the cell. They are responsible for making all of the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	Using a business analogy, explain ribosomes.	lt	business	0
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that processes and packages proteins and lipids for transport within the cell. It is a stack of flattened, membrane-bound sacs and tubes that resembles a stack of pancakes. The proteins and lipids that are to be transported are first synthesized in the endoplasmic reticulum. The Golgi apparatus then modifies and packages them into vesicles that bud off from the organelle and are transported to their destination.	golgi apparatus	Using a business analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	lt	business	0
Lysosomes are like the digestive system of a cell. They digest and recycle cellular components.	lysosomes	Using a business analogy, explain lysosomes.	lt	business	1
The nuclear envelope is like the walls of a business. It separates the inside of the business from the outside world. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm, and the inner membrane is in contact with the nucleus. The nuclear envelope protects the nucleus from the cytoplasm and the cytoplasm from the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using a business analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	lt	business	1
A vacuole is like a company's warehouse. It is a storage area for the cell's contents. The vacuole can grow very large, and it can change shape to hold different things.	vacuoles	Using a business analogy, explain vacuoles.	lt	business	1
Cytoplasm is the "lifeblood" of a cell. It is a thick, viscous fluid that contains the cell's organelles and genetic material. It provides the cell with the nutrients it needs to survive and grow.	cytoplasm	Using a business analogy, explain cytoplasm.	lt	business	0
A chromosome is like a file cabinet in a business. It is a place where information is stored.	chromosome	Using a business analogy, explain chromosome.	lt	business	1
Cytosol is the liquid within a cell that contains the cell's organelles and cytoplasm. It is a water-based solution that consists of proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, and minerals. The cytosol provides a medium for chemical reactions and helps to maintain the cell's structure.	cytosol	Using a business analogy, explain cytosol.	lt	business	0
A cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of resources and it can only do a certain amount of work.	cell	Using a business analogy, explain cell.	lt	business	1
A vesicle is a small sac-like structure that is found in the cytoplasm of cells. Vesicles are used to store and transport cellular materials.	vesicles	Using a business analogy, explain vesicles.	lt	business	0
A cell wall is like a company's firewall. It is a barrier that protects the cell from outside invaders and helps keep the cell's contents inside.	cell wall	Using a business analogy, explain cell wall.	lt	business	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as a business has a basic structure of employees, a cell has a basic structure of molecules. The cell membrane is the equivalent of the business walls, and the cytoplasm is the equivalent of the business interior. The nucleus is the equivalent of the business owner, and the chromosomes are the equivalent of the business records.	cells	Using a business analogy, explain cells.	lt	business	1
A cell membrane is like a company's board of directors. It is responsible for making decisions that affect the entire company. The cell membrane is also responsible for regulating what goes in and out of the cell.	cell membrane	Using a business analogy, explain cell membrane.	lt	business	1
The Golgi body is a bit like the post office for a company. It is responsible for receiving, sorting and shipping parcels (or proteins) to the correct destination within the cell. It is named after Camillo Golgi, an Italian biologist who discovered it in 1898.	golgi body	Using a business analogy, explain golgi body.	lt	business	1
In a business analogy, capacitance can be thought of as the amount of money that a company has saved. This money can be used in the future to invest in the company or to cover any unexpected costs. Similarly, capacitance in an electrical system refers to the amount of energy that can be stored and used in the future.	capacitance	Using a business analogy, explain capacitance.	lt	business	1
Electric current is like the flow of money in a business. Just as money needs to flow in order for the business to function, electric current needs to flow in order for an electrical device to work. Just as a business can have too little or too much money, an electrical device can have too little or too much current.	electric current	Using a business analogy, explain electric current.	lt	business	1
Voltage is the pressure that pushes the electrons through the conductor. It is measured in volts.	voltage	Using a business analogy, explain voltage.	lt	business	0
In a business, specialization is when different employees are responsible for different tasks. For example, one employee may be responsible for sales, another for accounting, and another for marketing. Communication is important in a business so that employees can coordinate their efforts and ensure that tasks are completed efficiently.In a cell, specialization is when different parts of the cell are responsible for different tasks. For example, one part of the cell may be responsible for producing energy, another for producing proteins, and another for transporting molecules. Communication is important in a cell so that different parts of the cell can coordinate their efforts and ensure that the cell functions properly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a business analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	lt	business	1
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This law is important in electrical engineering because it allows engineers to calculate the voltage at any point in a circuit by tracing the path of current flow.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a business analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	lt	business	0
A density wave is a wave of increased density that travels through a medium. The wave can be caused by a variety of things, such as a change in temperature or the movement of a object through the medium. The wave travels through the medium until it dissipates.	nature of a density wave	Using a business analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	lt	business	0
Enzymes are like the workers in a factory. They are responsible for the chemical reactions that occur in the body. Enzymes are produced by the body and are found in all body tissues.	enzymes	Using a business analogy, explain enzymes.	lt	business	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as a computer's RAM (random access memory). This is where data is stored when it is actively being used. The information in RAM is constantly being accessed and changed as the computer is working. In the same way, the active memory system is constantly being accessed and changed as we are thinking and interacting with the world around us. The information in our active memory is what we are currently aware of and can easily access.	human active memory system	Using a business analogy, explain human active memory system.	lt	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. The rate of the reaction is determined by the rate of the slowest step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a business analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	lt	business	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and a solvent is passed through the column. The components of the mixture are separated based on their different affinities for the solvent. The component with the highest affinity for the solvent will be the first to exit the column.	column chromatography	Using a business analogy, explain column chromatography.	lt	business	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a business that is always in flux. The business is always changing, but it is always in balance. The same is true for chemical equilibrium. The equilibrium is always changing, but the system is always in balance.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a business analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	lt	business	1
A vacuole is like a company's warehouse. It is a storage area for the cell's contents.	vacuole	Using a business analogy, explain vacuole.	lt	business	1
A transport vesicle is like a bus. It transports proteins and other materials from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	Using a business analogy, explain transport vesicles.	lt	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the sales department of a company. They are responsible for promoting the company and its products. In the case of proto-oncogenes, they promote cell growth and division. When these genes are functioning normally, they help keep the cells healthy. However, when they become mutated, they can cause the cells to grow and divide out of control, leading to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using a business analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	lt	business	1
Oncogenes are like the sales department of a company. They are responsible for increasing the company's sales and profits. Oncogenes are responsible for the growth and proliferation of cells.	oncogenes	Using a business analogy, explain oncogenes.	lt	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing and dividing too quickly. If these genes are mutated or damaged, it can lead to cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a business analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	lt	business	1
Brittle software is software that is not very flexible and breaks easily. It is not very tolerant to changes and does not handle errors well.	brittle software	Using a business analogy, explain brittle software.	lt	business	0
A resonance hybrid is a molecule that is composed of two or more atoms that are held together by covalent bonds. The atoms in a resonance hybrid are not in a fixed position, but they are in a state of equilibrium. The electrons in a resonance hybrid are not in a fixed position, but they are in a state of equilibrium.	resonance hybrid	Using a business analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	lt	business	0
The wave mechanical model is similar to the way a business is run. The wave mechanical model has a CEO who is in charge of the company. The CEO is responsible for making decisions that will benefit the company. The CEO is also responsible for communicating with the employees and making sure they are working together towards the same goal. The employees are responsible for doing their job and following the instructions of the CEO. The company is also responsible for producing a product or service that is beneficial to the customer. The customer is responsible for purchasing the product or service and providing feedback to the company.	wave mechanical model	Using a business analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	lt	business	1
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. This test is used to help diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures.	electroencephalogram	Using a business analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	lt	business	0
DNA replication is similar to a business that is expanding. The business has a limited amount of resources, but it can use these resources to create more of itself. The business can also create new businesses with the same resources. DNA replication is similar because it uses the resources of the cell to create more DNA.	dna replication	Using a business analogy, explain dna replication.	lt	business	1
RNA transcription is the process of copying genetic information from DNA to RNA. This process is necessary for the cell to create proteins, which are essential for the cell to function.	rna transcription	Using a business analogy, explain rna transcription.	lt	business	0
Protein translation is the process by which a gene is converted into a protein. The gene is first transcribed into RNA, and then the RNA is translated into a protein.	protein translation	Using a business analogy, explain protein translation.	lt	business	0
An ecosystem is a group of living things and their environment. The living things in an ecosystem interact with each other and with their environment. The environment includes everything that surrounds the living things, including the air, the water, the soil, and the climate.	ecosystem	Using a business analogy, explain ecosystem.	lt	business	0
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be thought of as the spread of a rumor down a social network. The action potential starts at the neuron's cell body and then travels down the axon to the synapse. The synapse is like the point of communication where the axon of one neuron meets the dendrite of another neuron. The action potential then travels across the synapse to the next neuron. This process continues until the action potential reaches the end of the axon.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a business analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	lt	business	1
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs extract oxygen from the air and the frog's blood carries the oxygen throughout its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a business analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	lt	business	1
A layered architecture is like a cake. The bottom layer is the foundation, the next layer is the cake itself, and the top layer is the icing. The foundation is the most important layer, because it supports the rest of the cake. The cake is the most important layer, because it's the part that people see and eat. The icing is the least important layer, because it's the part that people usually don't see.	layered architecture	Using a business analogy, explain layered architecture.	lt	business	1
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. An excess reactant is a reactant that is in excess and does not limit the amount of product that can be formed.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a business analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	lt	business	0
A eukaryotic cell is like a business. It has a CEO, managers, workers, and a support staff. The CEO is the nucleus, the managers are the organelles, the workers are the cells, and the support staff are the proteins and other molecules.	eukaryotic cell	Using a business analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	lt	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple and has a limited number of employees (proteins and RNA). It is also relatively autonomous and can survive on its own.	prokaryotic cell	Using a business analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	lt	business	1
The kernel is the heart of the operating system. It is responsible for managing the system's resources and providing basic services to the other parts of the system. The kernel is also responsible for security, ensuring that unauthorized users cannot access the system's resources.	operating systems kernel	Using a business analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	lt	business	1
A limiting reactant is the reactant in a chemical reaction that is in shortest supply. The reaction will stop when the limiting reactant is used up.	limiting reactant	Using a business analogy, explain limiting reactant.	lt	business	0
Helicase is a protein that helps to unwind DNA strands. It is responsible for separating the two strands of DNA and making them available for replication.	helicase	Using a business analogy, explain helicase.	lt	business	0
Replication binding proteins are like the managers of a business. They make sure that everything is running smoothly and that all the necessary resources are available. They also help to ensure that the replication process is accurate.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a business analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	lt	business	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is used in genetic engineering to create recombinant DNA molecules.	ligase	Using a business analogy, explain ligase.	lt	business	0
A process control block (PCB) is a data structure in a computer operating system that describes the state of a process. It includes information such as the process's identity, priority, CPU time, memory usage, and open files.	process control block	Using a business analogy, explain process control block.	lt	business	0
Message encoding is the process of translating a message from its original form into a format that can be transmitted or stored. This may involve converting the message into a digital format, adding error-correction codes, or compressing it to save space.	message encoding	Using a business analogy, explain message encoding.	lt	business	0
Drugs are like keys and receptor sites are like locks. The drug fits into the receptor site like a key fits into a lock and the two interact with each other. This interaction causes the receptor site to change shape and the drug to be released.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a business analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	lt	business	1
A monitor is a device that displays information on a screen. It can be used to show text, images, or video.	monitor	Using a business analogy, explain monitor.	lt	business	0
CPU is the "brain" of the computer. It is responsible for executing programs, handling data, and controlling peripherals.	cpu	Using a business analogy, explain cpu.	lt	business	0
A motherboard is the main circuit board in a computer. It is a large, flat piece of plastic that holds all of the computer's electronic components. The motherboard contains the central processing unit (CPU), the memory, the graphics card, the sound card, and all of the connectors for the other components.	motherboard	Using a business analogy, explain motherboard.	lt	business	0
Ram is a type of computer memory that is used to store data temporarily. It is a form of random access memory, which means that the computer can access any memory location at any time. Ram is used to store data that is being processed by the computer, and it is also used to store the operating system and applications.	ram	Using a business analogy, explain ram.	lt	business	0
A power supply unit (PSU) is like the engine of a car. It takes the power from the battery and converts it into a form that the other parts of the car can use. The PSU is important because it provides the power that the other parts of the computer need to run.	power supply unit	Using a business analogy, explain power supply unit.	lt	business	1
A keyboard is a device that is used to input text into a computer. It typically has a number of keys that are used to type letters, numbers, and other symbols.	keyboard	Using a business analogy, explain keyboard.	lt	business	0
Mouse is a computer input device that is used to control the movement of the cursor on the screen.	mouse	Using a business analogy, explain mouse.	lt	business	0
An audio card is a device that allows a computer to play and record sound.	audio card	Using a business analogy, explain audio card.	lt	business	0
A video card is like the engine of a car. It is responsible for processing all the information that is shown on the screen.	video card	Using a business analogy, explain video card.	lt	business	1
The tree's age calculation is like a business's balance sheet. The tree's age calculation is a calculation of how much money the tree has made (net worth) and how much the tree has spent (assets). The tree's age calculation is a calculation of how much money the tree has made (net worth) and how much the tree has spent (assets).	tree's age calculation	Using a business analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	lt	business	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using a business analogy, explain glycolysis.	lt	business	0
Anti-stokes scattering is the process of a photon bouncing off an atom and losing energy in the process. This is the opposite of the stokes scattering process, where a photon gains energy from a collision with an atom.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a business analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	lt	business	0
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light or other electromagnetic radiation by small particles in a gas or liquid. The scattering is caused by the collisions of the photons or particles with the atoms or molecules of the gas or liquid. The photons or particles are scattered in all directions and the intensity of the scattered light is reduced.	stokes scattering	Using a business analogy, explain stokes scattering.	lt	business	0
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill 50% of the population that is exposed to it.	median lethal dose	Using a business analogy, explain median lethal dose.	lt	business	0
The universe can be thought of as a business. It has a beginning, a middle, and an end. It has a CEO (God), managers (angels), employees (humans), and customers (angels and humans). It has a mission (to love and be loved), a vision (a perfect world), and a goal (to return to God).	universe	Using a business analogy, explain universe.	lt	business	1
Enzyme mechanism is like a business process. The enzyme is like the business, and the substrate is like the customer. The enzyme has a specific process that it follows to convert the substrate into the product. The product is then released from the enzyme and is available for the customer (the cell) to use.	enzyme mechanism	Using a business analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	lt	business	1
An anova is a business analysis tool that is used to measure the performance of a company by comparing the results of two or more divisions or business units. The anova compares the means of the different divisions or business units and determines if there is a significant difference in the performance of the divisions or business units.	anova	Using a business analogy, explain anova.	lt	business	0
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on or off the heating or cooling system as needed.	thermostat	Using a business analogy, explain thermostat.	lt	business	0
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that is in a steady state. The business is not growing or shrinking and it is making a profit. The chemical equilibrium is reached when the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal.	chemical equilibrium	Using a business analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	lt	business	1
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's efficiency by reducing the amount of inventory it holds. The idea is that instead of having a large stockpile of materials or products that might not be used for months or even years, a company only orders what it needs as it needs it. This reduces the amount of money a company spends on storage and inventory-related costs, and it also means that the company is less likely to run out of products or materials.	just-in-time	Using a business analogy, explain just-in-time.	lt	business	0
Adaptive immunity is like a business that is able to change and grow with the times. It is able to respond to new challenges and threats by adapting its strategies and methods. This allows it to stay strong and thrive in a competitive environment.	adaptive immunity	Using a business analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	lt	business	1
Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference between those points. In other words, the greater the voltage drop across a resistor, the greater the current flow through the resistor.	ohm's law	Using a business analogy, explain ohm's law.	lt	business	1
Transcription is the process of converting audio or video files into text. This can be done manually, but is often done using software that can automatically convert the audio or video into a text file. Transcription can be used for a variety of purposes, including creating a transcript of a meeting or lecture, creating a caption for a video, or simply creating a text file of a conversation.	transcription	Using a business analogy, explain transcription.	lt	business	0
RNA polymerase is the enzyme that catalyzes the transcription of DNA into RNA. It binds to the DNA promoter region and uses the energy from the hydrogen bonds between the DNA base pairs to synthesize an RNA molecule.	rna polymerase	Using a business analogy, explain rna polymerase.	lt	business	0
Ribosomes are the protein factories of the cell. They are small organelles that are made up of RNA and protein. Ribosomes read the genetic code in DNA to create proteins.	ribosome	Using a business analogy, explain ribosome.	lt	business	0
Activator protein is a protein that helps to activate other proteins. It is responsible for starting the process that leads to gene expression.	activator protein	Using a business analogy, explain activator protein.	lt	business	0
Electricity flows through a closed path called an electric circuit. The electricity is supplied by a power source, such as a battery, and flows through a conductor, such as a wire. The electricity then flows back to the power source.	electric circuit	Using a business analogy, explain electric circuit.	lt	business	0
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This is because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with one another than with the nonpolar molecules. The nonpolar molecules are repelled by the water and tend to aggregate together.	hydrophobic effect	Using a business analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	lt	business	0
Biological signal transduction is the process by which a signal is transmitted from the surface of a cell to the inside of the cell. The signal is transmitted by a molecule called a receptor, which is located on the surface of the cell. The receptor binds to a molecule called a ligand, which is the signal that is transmitted from the surface of the cell. The ligand is transmitted by a molecule called a transmitter, which is located in the synapse. The transmitter binds to the receptor, which transmits the signal to the inside of the cell.	biological signal transduction	Using a business analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	lt	business	0
When a business is running low on cash, it can borrow from a lending institution. The borrowed funds are then repaid over time with interest. In the same way, nadh can be thought of as "borrowed" energy that's used to create ATP. The nadh molecule is then recycled and reused to produce more ATP.	nadh	Using a business analogy, explain nadh.	ht	business	1
In a business, nadh would be the equivalent of cash flow. It is necessary for the ongoing operation of the business, and without it, the business would eventually fail. In humans, nadh is necessary for energy production, and without it we would not be able to function.	nadh	Using a business analogy, explain nadh.	ht	business	1
Nadh is a coenzyme that helps enzymes transfer electrons during the process of aerobic respiration. In essence, it helps provide energy to the cells in order to facilitate their functioning. A business analogy would be helpful here. Imagine an office building with dozens of employees all working at their individual desks on different tasks. Some people are typing away on computers, others are talking on the phone, and still others are arranging papers or filing cabinets. Now imagine that each employee has a small machine attached to them that generates energy as they work. Without this extra source of power, the employees would eventually grow tired and stop working altogether. Nadh provides this extra source of power, keeping the office running smoothly and efficiently.	nadh	Using a business analogy, explain nadh.	ht	business	1
A protein is like a manager in a business. The protein oversees all of the activities that occur in the cell and ensures that everything runs smoothly.	proteins	Using a business analogy, explain proteins.	ht	business	1
A protein is a molecule composed of amino acids. Proteins play an important role in the body by performing many biochemical functions, including catalyzing chemical reactions and transporting molecules from one part of the cell to another.	proteins	Using a business analogy, explain proteins.	ht	business	0
Proteins are like the employees of a company. They carry out the tasks that are required to keep the company running. Some proteins work in the office, while others work in the factory or on the sales floor. Each protein has a specific job and is responsible for performing that job properly.	proteins	Using a business analogy, explain proteins.	ht	business	1
DNA is the blueprint for life. It contains all of the information necessary to build and maintain an organism. DNA is composed of long chains of molecules called nucleotides. The sequence of these nucleotides determines the structure and function of a particular gene.	dna	Using a business analogy, explain dna.	ht	business	0
DNA is the foundation of a company. The CEO, board of directors, and other employees are all important, but they cannot do their jobs without a good foundation. DNA provides the basic instructions for building and running a company.	dna	Using a business analogy, explain dna.	ht	business	1
DNA is like the blueprints of a company. It contains all of the instructions for building and running the company.	dna	Using a business analogy, explain dna.	ht	business	1
In the business world, glycogen can be thought of as a limited resource that needs to be managed carefully. In the human body, glycogen is a type of carbohydrate that is stored in the liver and muscles. It is used to provide energy for activities such as running or weightlifting. Just like a business, the human body only has so much glycogen storage capacity. Once it's gone, it's gone until the body can replenish its stores. This means that athletes need to be careful not to use up all their glycogen reserves before an event.	glycogen	Using a business analogy, explain glycogen.	ht	business	1
Glycogen is like a company's cash reserves. It is the stored form of glucose, which is the body's main source of energy. Glucose can be used right away by the body or it can be converted into glycogen and stored in the liver and muscles for later use. When blood sugar levels drop, glycogen is released to help bring them back up.	glycogen	Using a business analogy, explain glycogen.	ht	business	1
Glycogen is like fuel in a car. It is the stored energy that our muscles use to do work. Just as you can't drive your car without gasoline, you can't do strenuous activity without glycogen.	glycogen	Using a business analogy, explain glycogen.	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is a type of organelle in the cell. It helps with the processing and folding of proteins.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a business analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	ht	business	0
Endoplasmic reticulum is like an assembly line in a factory. The nucleus of the cell sends instructions to the endoplasmic reticulum on what proteins to make. The endoplasmic reticulum then assembles these proteins and sends them off to other parts of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a business analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is the business's shipping department. The ER receives orders from other parts of the company and packages and ships the products to their destinations.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a business analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	ht	business	1
A golgi is a worker in a business. He or she receives orders from the boss and distributes them to the workers who will produce the products. The golgi also makes sure that the products are shipped out correctly and on time.	golgi	Using a business analogy, explain golgi.	ht	business	1
Golgi is the accounting department of a company. Golgi keeps track of how much money the company makes and spends, as well as who owes the company money and who the company owes money to.	golgi	Using a business analogy, explain golgi.	ht	business	1
Golgi is the "business office" of a cell. It processes and packages proteins made by the ribosomes in the cytoplasm. These proteins are then sent to other parts of the cell, or outercellular structures, for use.	golgi	Using a business analogy, explain golgi.	ht	business	0
The plasma membrane is the boundary between the cell and its environment. It is a selectively permeable barrier that allows some substances to pass through while keeping others out. The plasma membrane consists of two layers of phospholipids with embedded proteins. These proteins help control what enters and exits the cell.	plasma membrane	Using a business analogy, explain plasma membrane.	ht	business	0
The plasma membrane is like the walls of a business. It helps to keep things inside (like proteins and other important molecules) while keeping things out (like bacteria and other harmful substances).	plasma membrane	Using a business analogy, explain plasma membrane.	ht	business	1
A plasma membrane is a selectively permeable barrier that surrounds all cells in the body, separating the cell’s interior from its environment. The plasma membrane controls what enters and leaves the cell, allowing only certain things to pass through while keeping other substances out. It is made up of a lipid bilayer with proteins embedded in it, and is constantly undergoing revisions as new proteins are synthesized and inserted into the membrane or old ones are degraded and removed.	plasma membrane	Using a business analogy, explain plasma membrane.	ht	business	0
A lysosome is a type of organelle found in the cells of many eukaryotic organisms. It is spherical and has a single membrane. The interior of the lysosome contains digestive enzymes that can break down macromolecules such as proteins, nucleic acids, and lipids.	lysosome	Using a business analogy, explain lysosome.	ht	business	0
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. They digest and break down molecules that the cell needs for energy and growth.	lysosome	Using a business analogy, explain lysosome.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. They digest things that the cell needs, such as proteins and other molecules. Lysosomes also break down old or damaged cellular components, recycling them into new materials to help keep the cell healthy.	lysosome	Using a business analogy, explain lysosome.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the janitorial staff of a company. They keep things clean and tidy by getting rid of waste products. In the cell, peroxisomes break down fatty acids, amino acids, and other molecules into manageable pieces that can be used by the rest of the cell.	peroxisomes	Using a business analogy, explain peroxisomes.	ht	business	1
In business, peroxisomes would be the department in charge of creating and maintaining order. This department is responsible for things like making sure all the papers are filed correctly, the office is clean, and that everyone knows their role and responsibilities. In essence, peroxisomes make sure everything runs smoothly so that the company can function effectively.	peroxisomes	Using a business analogy, explain peroxisomes.	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the secretaries of a company. They help keep everything organized and running smoothly. In the cell, they process and get rid of waste products, including toxins.	peroxisomes	Using a business analogy, explain peroxisomes.	ht	business	1
In business, mitochondria would be the engine of the company. They are responsible for producing energy that powers all other cellular functions. In the same way, mitochondria are essential for cells to function properly in the body.	mitochondria	Using a business analogy, explain mitochondria.	ht	business	1
Mitochondria are the "powerhouses" of cells. They produce energy for the cell by converting nutrients into adenosine triphosphate (ATP).	mitochondria	Using a business analogy, explain mitochondria.	ht	business	0
Mitochondria are the powerhouses of the cell. They convert energy from food into a form that the cell can use to carry out its functions.	mitochondria	Using a business analogy, explain mitochondria.	ht	business	0
A chloroplast is a type of organelle found in the cells of photosynthetic organisms. Chloroplasts are unique in that they have the ability to change light into chemical energy that can be used by plants to create glucose from carbon dioxide and water.	chloroplast	Using a business analogy, explain chloroplast.	ht	business	0
Chloroplasts are the business managers of a plant. They control how energy from the sun is converted into useful products like glucose and oxygen. Chloroplasts also make sure that plants have what they need to grow, like nitrogen and water.	chloroplast	Using a business analogy, explain chloroplast.	ht	business	1
A chloroplast is a bit like a business. It has workers (the proteins that do the chemical reactions), managers (the genes that control how the workers work), and customers (the plants that need energy to grow). The workers are in charge of making sugar from sunlight, water, and CO2. The managers make sure the workers are working efficiently and keep track of how much sugar is being made. The customer is the plant, which uses the sugar to grow	chloroplast	Using a business analogy, explain chloroplast.	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding in a construction site. It provides structure and support to the cells while they are working.	cytoskeleton	Using a business analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a business. It provides support for the cell and helps it to maintain its shape. It also helps to transport materials in and out of the cell.	cytoskeleton	Using a business analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	ht	business	1
Cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding in a construction site. It provides support to the cells and helps them maintain their shape.	cytoskeleton	Using a business analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	ht	business	1
ATP is the currency of energy for all cellular activity. It is produced by the mitochondria as a result of the electron transport chain (ETC). The ETC uses oxygen to convert food molecules into a form that can be used by cells. This process produces water and ATP.	atp	Using a business analogy, explain atp.	ht	business	0
ATP is the energy currency of the cell. It is used to power all cellular processes, including protein synthesis, movement and reproduction. ATP is produced by the cells' mitochondria through a process called oxidative phosphorylation.	atp	Using a business analogy, explain atp.	ht	business	0
Atp is like the gasoline that powers a car. It is used to convert energy into useful work.	atp	Using a business analogy, explain atp.	ht	business	1
Nadph is the "fuel" that cells use to create energy. It's necessary for the production of important molecules like proteins and DNA, and it helps keep our immune system functioning properly.	nadph	Using a business analogy, explain nadph.	ht	business	0
Red blood cells use nadph to convert glucose into energy. It is the main enzyme in the electron transport chain that helps generate ATP, which provides energy for most cellular functions.	nadph	Using a business analogy, explain nadph.	ht	business	0
NADPH is a cofactor for the production of energy in the body's cells. It helps transport electrons during cellular respiration, which is the process that releases energy from food. NADPH also helps regenerate antioxidants such as vitamin C and E, which protect cells from damage caused by free radicals.	nadph	Using a business analogy, explain nadph.	ht	business	0
A peroxysome is like a small business. It has a limited number of employees and does not have a lot of money. However, it is very efficient and can produce a lot of results in a short period of time.	peroxysome	Using a business analogy, explain peroxysome.	ht	business	1
Peroxysomes are small organelles in the cytoplasm of cells. They are important for breaking down fatty acids and other molecules.	peroxysome	Using a business analogy, explain peroxysome.	ht	business	0
A peroxysome is like a small business. It has its own set of workers who produce and process materials needed for the cell. The peroxysome also has its own DNA, which governs how it functions.	peroxysome	Using a business analogy, explain peroxysome.	ht	business	1
Mytochondria are the "business" or "factory" portion of a cell. They produce energy in the form of ATP for the rest of the cell to use.	mytochondria	Using a business analogy, explain mytochondria.	ht	business	0
The mitochondria are often compared to a business, because they are responsible for producing energy for the cell. The mitochondria produce adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is used by the cells to carry out their functions. Like a business, the mitochondria need resources in order to produce ATP. These resources include oxygen, glucose, and amino acids.	mytochondria	Using a business analogy, explain mytochondria.	ht	business	1
Myochondria are like the company's workers. The company provides them with a place to work and the tools they need, but it is up to the workers to use those tools to create something of value. In the same way, myochondria provide cells with energy and oxygen, but it is up to the cells themselves to use that energy to perform their functions.	mytochondria	Using a business analogy, explain mytochondria.	ht	business	1
Electric forces are like the attraction between two magnets. The closer the poles of the magnets get, the stronger the force of attraction between them becomes. Electric forces work in a similar way: they get stronger as the electric charges get closer together.	electric forces	Using a business analogy, explain electric forces.	ht	business	1
Electric forces are like the boss in a business. He sets the tone and everyone follows his lead. In the same way, electric forces set the direction for how charged particles will move.	electric forces	Using a business analogy, explain electric forces.	ht	business	1
Electric forces are the attraction and repulsion between charged particles. Like charges repel each other, while opposite charges attract each other. This force is responsible for holding atoms together and creating molecules.	electric forces	Using a business analogy, explain electric forces.	ht	business	0
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a company's top executives. The CEO and other top executives are responsible for making strategic decisions that will affect the entire company. They have a lot of power and influence, and their actions can impact the success or failure of the business.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a business analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	ht	business	1
In a business, an orbital is the level of authority or responsibility that someone has. For example, the CEO would have a high orbital, while the receptionist would have a lower one. In terms of electrons, an orbital is simply the area around the nucleus where an electron can be found. The higher the orbit number, the further away from the nucleusthe electron is.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a business analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	ht	business	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital could be thought of as an office in a business. The higher the number of the orbit, the more prestigious and important the office is. The closer to the center of the business, the more access that person has to information and power.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a business analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	ht	business	1
The first line of defense in the body is the skin. The skin is a barrier that protects the body from infection and other foreign bodies.	first line of defense in the body	Using a business analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	ht	business	0
The first line of defense in the body are the skin and mucous membranes. These tissues act as a physical barrier to keep pathogens out of the body. The skin is also host to a number of immune cells that can attack invading pathogens. Mucous membranes secrete mucus, which traps pathogens and helps wash them away.	first line of defense in the body	Using a business analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	ht	business	0
The body has many lines of defense. The first line of defense is the skin and mucous membranes. These barrier tissues protect the body from external threats, such as bacteria and viruses.	first line of defense in the body	Using a business analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	ht	business	0
Macrophages are the janitors of the immune system. They scavenge for and eat debris, bacteria, and other unwanted materials.	macrophages	Using a business analogy, explain macrophages.	ht	business	0
A macrophage is like a business executive. It is responsible for gathering information, making decisions, and organizing the work that needs to be done in order to carry out the plan.	macrophages	Using a business analogy, explain macrophages.	ht	business	1
Macrophages can be thought of as the janitors or cleanup crew of the body. They are scavengers that eat up debris, bacteria, and other toxins. They also help to initiate the healing process after an injury.	macrophages	Using a business analogy, explain macrophages.	ht	business	1
A t-helper cell is like a manager in a business. They coordinate and direct the activities of other cells to achieve the desired goal. In the immune system, they help activate other cells to fight infection or disease.	t-helper cells	Using a business analogy, explain t-helper cells.	ht	business	1
T-Helper cells are like the CEO of a company. They help direct and organize the other cells in the immune system to do their jobs.	t-helper cells	Using a business analogy, explain t-helper cells.	ht	business	1
A t-helper cell is like the CEO of a company. They are in charge of organizing and planning the activities of the other cells in order to achieve a common goal.	t-helper cells	Using a business analogy, explain t-helper cells.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like the human resources department of a company. They are responsible for recruiting new employees (antibodies) and training them to do their job.	b-lymphocytes	Using a business analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like the accountants of the immune system. They help to remember all of the different proteins that have been seen before, so that when the body is faced with a new protein, it can quickly identify it as not being dangerous.	b-lymphocytes	Using a business analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like the administrative assistants in a business. They help to coordinate and oversee all of the other activities that are going on in the company. They make sure that everyone is doing their job properly, and they provide support when needed.	b-lymphocytes	Using a business analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes (CTLs) are like the secret service of the immune system. They are highly specialized cells that can recognize and destroy cancer cells or cells infected with a virus. CTLs are produced in the thymus gland and circulate throughout the body.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a business analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes (CTLs) are like the police of the immune system. They are responsible for identifying and destroying cells that are infected or have been damaged, such as cancer cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a business analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are a type of white blood cell that play an important role in the immune system by attacking and destroying cells that are infected or have been damaged. Like all white blood cells, cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are produced in the bone marrow and circulate through the body looking for foreign invaders or abnormal cells to destroy.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a business analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	ht	business	1
Just as a business can be invaded by competitors, bacteria can invade the body and cause infection. The bacteria may enter through an open wound or via the respiratory tract during inhalation. Once inside the body, they may multiply rapidly and spread to other parts of the organism. This can lead to fever, chills, nausea, and other symptoms of illness. In severe cases, sepsis or even death may occur.	invasion of bacterias	Using a business analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	ht	business	1
One way to think of bacterial invasion is as an hostile takeover. Just as a business might be taken over by a larger company, bacteria can overrun and take control of a tissue, organ, or even the entire body. This happens when bacteria invade and begin to multiply rapidly in numbers, outcompeting the cells that are supposed to be there. The invading bacteria can release toxins that damage tissues and organs, leading to infection and possibly even death.	invasion of bacterias	Using a business analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	ht	business	1
In business, an invasion of bacterias can be likened to a hostile takeover. Just as the bacteria take over and consume all the resources necessary for survival, a hostile takeover strips a company of its assets and leaves it helpless. In both cases, there is usually little that the victim can do to stop the invader from taking over.	invasion of bacterias	Using a business analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for action potential would be to think of the neurons in the brain as workers in a company. When someone gives an order or makes a request, these workers (neurons) spring into action and do what is needed to complete the task. This happens through something called an action potential, which is basically like an electric signal that travels down the neuron and tells it what to do.	action potential	Using a business analogy, explain action potential.	ht	business	1
Action potential is similar to a company's cash flow. Just as a business needs a steady influx of cash in order to operate, a neuron needs a regular stream of voltage in order to function. This voltage (or electrical current) is called the action potential, and it travels down the neuron's axon like an electric pulse.	action potential	Using a business analogy, explain action potential.	ht	business	1
A business analogy would be a company that has an idea for a new product. The first step is to develop the product, which is the action potential. This involves researching what the market wants and needs, designing a prototype, and then testing it out. Once the product is developed, the next step is marketing it, which is getting the word out there about how great it is. Finally, sales and customer service need to make sure people are happy with their purchase and continue using the product.	action potential	Using a business analogy, explain action potential.	ht	business	1
Chromatography is a business process that is used to separate the various elements of a substance. In this experiment, the different colors of ink will be separated by using chromatography. The different colors will be placed on a strip of paper and then they will be placed in water. As the water travels up the paper, it will pull the different colors with it. This process will allow for each color to be isolated and identified.	experiment of chromatography	Using a business analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	ht	business	0
The experiment of chromatography is similar to a business that is trying to find the best way to market its products. The business starts by testing different marketing strategies and then measuring how well each strategy performs. Chromatography does the same thing by testing different methods of separating compounds and then measuring how well each method works.	experiment of chromatography	Using a business analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	ht	business	1
The experiment of chromatography is like a business trying to figure out what products or services to offer its customers. The business begins by testing different combinations of products and services to see which ones are the most popular with customers. It then focuses on offering those products and services while continually evaluating customer feedback to make sure it is providing what they want. Chromatography does the same thing by testing different combinations of solvents and stationary phases to see which produce the best results for separating compounds. It then concentrates on using those solvents and phases in future experiments.	experiment of chromatography	Using a business analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	ht	business	1
A star's main-sequence lifetime is its lifespan on the main sequence of the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram. This is the longest phase of a star's life, during which it fuses hydrogen into helium in its core. The length of this phase depends on the mass of the star; stars with more mass have shorter main-sequence lifetimes than stars with less mass.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a business analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	ht	business	0
The main sequence lifetime of a star is the amount of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. A star on the main sequence will gradually use up its hydrogen fuel and become a red giant or supergiant.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a business analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	ht	business	0
The main sequence lifetime of a star is the amount of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. This is the most stable phase of a star's life and lasts for billions of years. As a star uses up its hydrogen, it begins to die and becomes a red giant or supergiant.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a business analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	ht	business	0
Nucleus is the heart of a company. It is where all the important decisions are made and it is responsible for setting the strategic direction of the business. The nucleus determines what products or services to offer, how to market them, and what price to charge. It also oversees day-to-day operations and makes sure that everything runs smoothly.	nucleus	Using a business analogy, explain nucleus.	ht	business	0
A nucleus is the most important part of a company. It is responsible for making decisions and setting the course for the company. The nucleus hires and fires employees, makes financial decisions, and sets strategic goals. Without a strong nucleus, a company will flounder	nucleus	Using a business analogy, explain nucleus.	ht	business	1
A nucleus is the "brain" of a cell - it controls all the important functions of the cell. It contains the cells' genetic material (DNA) and regulates how the DNA is used to create proteins.	nucleus	Using a business analogy, explain nucleus.	ht	business	0
A ribosome is like a business. It has workers who do the work and a manager who oversees the work. The workers are called enzymes and they do the chemical reactions that build proteins. The manager is called a ribosomal RNA (rRNA) and it tells the enzymes what to do.	ribosomes	Using a business analogy, explain ribosomes.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are like the assembly line in a factory. The DNA is the blueprint for making the product, and the ribosomes are responsible for reading that blueprint and assembling the product.	ribosomes	Using a business analogy, explain ribosomes.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are the muscles of protein synthesis. Just as with any muscle, ribosomes need to be well-nourished in order to do their job effectively. The proteins that make up ribosomes are synthesized in the nucleolus, which is located within the nucleus. Ribosomes can then shuttle back and forth between the nucleus and the cytoplasm, delivering proteins where they're needed.	ribosomes	Using a business analogy, explain ribosomes.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives products from suppliers (the endoplasmic reticulum), packages them for delivery to other parts of the company (cellular membranes), and sends them on their way.	golgi apparatus	Using a business analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that helps to process and package proteins and lipids into vesicles that will be transported to other parts of the cell. It consists of a stack of flattened, membrane-bound sacs and tubes. The proteins and lipids are first synthesized on the ribosomes in the cytoplasm. They then move into the Golgi apparatus, where they are processed and packaged into vesicles. The vesicles are then transported to other parts of the cell, such as the nucleus or plasma membrane.	golgi apparatus	Using a business analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	ht	business	0
The Golgi apparatus is a set of membranous sacs and tubes within the cytoplasm of cells that processes proteins and lipids for secretion. Proteins and lipids synthesized by the endoplasmic reticulum are delivered to the Golgi apparatus, where they are modified and packaged for transport to other parts of the cell or outside the cell.	golgi apparatus	Using a business analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	ht	business	0
Lysosomes are like the garbage collectors of a cell. They break down proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids that are no longer needed by the cell.	lysosomes	Using a business analogy, explain lysosomes.	ht	business	1
Lysosomes are the "garbage disposal" of a cell. They break down and digest worn-out or damaged cellular components. This process is called autolysis. Lysosomes also play an important role in immunity, by attacking and destroying bacteria that enter the cell.	lysosomes	Using a business analogy, explain lysosomes.	ht	business	0
Lysosomes are like the recycling center for a business. They recycle old materials and turn them into new ones. In the body, lysosomes break down food, wastes, and other materials.	lysosomes	Using a business analogy, explain lysosomes.	ht	business	1
The nuclear envelope is the boundary of the nucleus. It contains proteins that maintain the shape of the nucleus and helps to regulate what enters and leaves.	nuclear envelope	Using a business analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	ht	business	0
The nuclear envelope is like a company's board of directors. It oversees all the activities within the nucleus and makes sure everything runs smoothly. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, called thenuclear lamina and the nuclear pore complex. These membranes help to control what goes in and out of the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using a business analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	ht	business	1
The nuclear envelope is a double membrane surrounding the nucleus of cells. It separates the nucleus from the cytoplasm and helps to control what enters and leaves the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using a business analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	ht	business	0
In a business, vacuoles would be the equivalent of storage tanks. They are membrane-bound sacs that can store various substances, such as water, minerals, and proteins.	vacuoles	Using a business analogy, explain vacuoles.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a company's bank account. It is a place where the company can store money for future use. In the cell, vacuoles are used to store water, food, and other materials.	vacuoles	Using a business analogy, explain vacuoles.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is a storage area in a cell. It can be used to store food, water, or waste.	vacuoles	Using a business analogy, explain vacuoles.	ht	business	1
The cytoplasm is the "business backbone" of a cell. It contains all of the organelles and metabolic enzymes needed to keep the cell alive and functioning. It also serves as a storage area for nutrients, water, and other essential molecules.	cytoplasm	Using a business analogy, explain cytoplasm.	ht	business	0
Cytoplasm is the "lifeblood" of a cell. It is a thick, sticky fluid that contains all of the cellular organelles - including the nucleus. Cytoplasm also contains dissolved proteins and other nutrients that cells need to survive.	cytoplasm	Using a business analogy, explain cytoplasm.	ht	business	0
Cytoplasm can be thought of as the "business model" for a company. It is the organizational structure and processes that allow the company to function. In addition, cytoplasm provides nutrients and energy to keep the cells alive.	cytoplasm	Using a business analogy, explain cytoplasm.	ht	business	1
Chromosomes are like the blueprints for a company. They contain all of the information necessary to build and run the company.	chromosome	Using a business analogy, explain chromosome.	ht	business	1
Chromosomes are like the blueprints for a business. They contain all of the information necessary to build and operate the business.	chromosome	Using a business analogy, explain chromosome.	ht	business	1
Chromosomes are like the blueprints for a company. They contain all of the genetic information necessary to create and run that company.	chromosome	Using a business analogy, explain chromosome.	ht	business	1
The cytosol is the liquid inside of a cell. It contains proteins, enzymes, and other cellular components. The cytosol helps to maintain the structure of the cell and carry out its functions.	cytosol	Using a business analogy, explain cytosol.	ht	business	0
The cytosol is the "business district" of a cell - it's where all the action happens. This is where proteins are made, enzymes work, and nutrients get absorbed. It's also home to the cell's DNA and other important molecules.	cytosol	Using a business analogy, explain cytosol.	ht	business	0
Cytosol is like the water in a fish tank. It surrounds and supports the cells of the fish, providing them with nutrients and oxygen while removing waste products. In the same way, cytosol surrounds and supports cells in the body, delivering nutrients and oxygen while removing waste products.	cytosol	Using a business analogy, explain cytosol.	ht	business	1
A cell is the smallest unit of life. It is the basic building block of all living things. Cells are like businesses. They have a headquarters, or nucleus, where most of the important work takes place. They also have workers, or organelles, who carry out specific tasks to keep the cell running.	cell	Using a business analogy, explain cell.	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has its own income, expenses, and employees. It also has its own products and services.	cell	Using a business analogy, explain cell.	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has its own products and services, and it can only survive if it makes money. Cells also need raw materials to make their products, and they need energy to run their businesses.	cell	Using a business analogy, explain cell.	ht	business	1
A vesicle is a small, round sac that forms in the cytoplasm of a cell. It is used to store and transport substances within the cell. Vesicles can be divided into two types: secretory vesicles and endocytic vesicles. Secretory vesicles release their contents outside of the cells, while endocytic vesicles take in materials from the outside environment.	vesicles	Using a business analogy, explain vesicles.	ht	business	0
Vesicles are like tiny bubbles that form inside the cell. They help to shuttle proteins and other important molecules around the cell.	vesicles	Using a business analogy, explain vesicles.	ht	business	0
Vesicles are like small, independent businesses within a larger company. They are autonomous and have their own goals, which may or may not align with the goals of the parent company. Vesicles can be created by the parent company or they can form independently.	vesicles	Using a business analogy, explain vesicles.	ht	business	1
Cell wall is like the walls of a building. It helps to keep things inside (in this case, the cell's contents) and it also protects the cell from outside invaders.	cell wall	Using a business analogy, explain cell wall.	ht	business	1
Cell walls are like the fences in a business park. They keep the cells organized and separated from each other while still allowing molecules to pass through.	cell wall	Using a business analogy, explain cell wall.	ht	business	1
A cell wall is like a company's firewall. It helps protect the inside of the cell from things on the outside, like viruses or chemicals.	cell wall	Using a business analogy, explain cell wall.	ht	business	1
Cells are like the employees of a business. They carry out the orders of the boss (the nucleus) to keep things running smoothly.	cells	Using a business analogy, explain cells.	ht	business	1
Cells are the basic units of life. Each cell has a plasma membrane that surrounds its contents and controls what goes in and out. The cell also has cytoplasm, which contains organelles like the nucleus, mitochondria, and ribosomes. DNA is located in the nucleus and tells the cells what proteins to make.	cells	Using a business analogy, explain cells.	ht	business	0
Cells are the basic building blocks of all life. Just as a company is made up of individual employees, cells are made up of smaller units called organelles. Cells come in many shapes and sizes, but all share some common features. They contain genetic material that determines an organism's characteristics, they can produce energy to power cellular processes, and they can reproduce themselves.	cells	Using a business analogy, explain cells.	ht	business	1
A cell membrane is like the wall of a building. It is made up of materials that are strong and protect the inside of the building from the environment outside. The cell membrane also allows things to enter and leave the building, just like how substances can move in and out of cells through the membrane.	cell membrane	Using a business analogy, explain cell membrane.	ht	business	1
A cell membrane is like a company’s board of directors. It oversees all the activities within the cell and regulates what goes in and out. The membrane is made up of proteins and lipids, which act as gatekeepers to keep things like nutrients and oxygen in, while keeping toxins and other waste products out.	cell membrane	Using a business analogy, explain cell membrane.	ht	business	1
The cell membrane is a barrier that separates the inside of a cell from its external environment. It controls what substances can enter or leave the cell, and it also helps to protect the cell from damage. The membrane is made up of two layers of lipids (fats) and proteins, and it is selectively permeable, which means that only certain substances can cross it.	cell membrane	Using a business analogy, explain cell membrane.	ht	business	0
The Golgi Body is the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives products from suppliers, organizes them, and ships them to other parts of the business where they will be used. The Golgi Body also receives orders from customers and sends the products to them.	golgi body	Using a business analogy, explain golgi body.	ht	business	1
Golgi body is like a shipping and receiving department in a business. It receives proteins and other materials from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and sends them off to their final destinations.	golgi body	Using a business analogy, explain golgi body.	ht	business	1
The golgi body is like the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and sends them to their final destination.	golgi body	Using a business analogy, explain golgi body.	ht	business	1
A capacitor is a device that stores energy in an electric field. It has two metal plates with a dielectric (insulator) between them. When voltage is applied, the charges on one plate will move to the other plate. This creates an electric field and stores energy in the capacitor.	capacitance	Using a business analogy, explain capacitance.	ht	business	0
Capacitance is the ability of a capacitor to store energy in an electric field. It is measured in farads (F).	capacitance	Using a business analogy, explain capacitance.	ht	business	0
In capacitance, two electrical conductors are separated by an insulator. This creates a capacitor, which is able to store energy in the form of an electric field. The capacitance is a measure of how much energy can be stored in the capacitor.	capacitance	Using a business analogy, explain capacitance.	ht	business	0
An electric current is like a river of electricity flowing through a wire. The bigger the current, the more powerful the flow of electricity.	electric current	Using a business analogy, explain electric current.	ht	business	1
Electric current is the flow of electric charge. It is produced by a difference in voltage between two points. This causes electrons to move from the higher voltage point to the lower voltage point.	electric current	Using a business analogy, explain electric current.	ht	business	0
Electric current is like the flow of money in a business. Just as money needs to keep flowing in order for the business to stay afloat, electric current needs to keep flowing through a circuit for it to remain operational.	electric current	Using a business analogy, explain electric current.	ht	business	1
In a business, voltage would be akin to the amount of power or influence that a particular person has. Voltage is basically a measure of how much potential energy exists within an electrical circuit. The higher the voltage, the more powerful the current.	voltage	Using a business analogy, explain voltage.	ht	business	1
Voltage is the pressure of electricity. It is measured in volts and it determines how much power or current will flow through a circuit.	voltage	Using a business analogy, explain voltage.	ht	business	0
Voltage is the pressure that pushes electrons through a conductor. It is measured in volts.	voltage	Using a business analogy, explain voltage.	ht	business	0
A cell is like a business. The nucleus is the CEO and the mitochondria are the workers. The nucleus oversees all of the activities in the cell and communicates with the mitochondria to make sure everything is running smoothly. The mitochondria specialize in producing energy for the cell, while other parts of the cell carry out other specialized tasks. Communication between different parts of the cell allows it to function as a coordinated unit.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a business analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has a specialized function, such as making proteins or glucose, and it communicates with other cells to carry out its tasks. The cell's DNA contains the instructions for its specialized function, and the RNA carries those instructions from the DNA to the ribosomes, where they are translated into proteins. The proteins then carry out the functions of the cell.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a business analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	ht	business	1
In a business, specialization and communication are both important for success. Specialization allows different employees to focus on specific tasks, which makes them better at those tasks. Communication allows employees to share information with each other, so that everyone is aware of what needs to be done and can work together cooperatively. In a cell, specialization occurs when different parts of the cell perform specific functions. For example, the nucleus contains genetic material that directs the activities of the cell, while mitochondria produce energy. Communication within cells occurs through chemical signals that allow different parts of the cell to communicate with each other. This communication allows cells to coordinate their activities and respond to changes in their environment	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a business analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	ht	business	1
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of all voltages in a electrical circuit is equal to 0. This means that the voltage at any point in a circuit is the result of the sum of all the individual voltages around that point.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a business analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	ht	business	0
In business, kirchoff's voltage law can be explained as the principle that states that the total current entering a node is equal to the total current leaving a node. This means that any increase in current at one point in a network of interconnected components must be accompanied by an equal and opposite decrease somewhere else in order to maintain electrical equilibrium.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a business analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	ht	business	0
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of all voltages in a closed loop is zero. This means that if you start at any point in a circuit and trace the path of electricity, the total voltage will be zero when you reach your starting point again. This law is important for understanding how electrical circuits work and for troubleshooting problems with them.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a business analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	ht	business	0
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. The people in the front are moving quickly and the people in the back are moving more slowly. This creates a wave of movement that travels through the crowd.	nature of a density wave	Using a business analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	ht	business	1
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. The people are all moving at the same speed and in the same direction. As they move, they push the people around them. This creates a denser area where more people are packed together and a less dense area where there are fewer people.	nature of a density wave	Using a business analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	ht	business	1
A density wave is a type of wave that travels through matter. It is often described as a "crowded" or "dense" wave because the particles in the wave are packed closely together. Density waves can be caused by a variety of things, including sound waves and shockwaves.	nature of a density wave	Using a business analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	ht	business	0
Enzymes are like the secretaries in a business. They help to make everything run smoothly by doing all of the little tasks that need to be done. Enzymes help to break down food so that our bodies can use it, they help us breathe, and they even keep our hearts beating.	enzymes	Using a business analogy, explain enzymes.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like the employees of a business. They are responsible for carrying out the necessary tasks to keep the business running smoothly. In the case of enzymes, these tasks include breaking down large molecules into smaller ones so that they can be used by the body as energy or building blocks.	enzymes	Using a business analogy, explain enzymes.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like the secretaries or assistants in a business. They help to carry out the instructions of the boss (the enzyme) by doing things like folding letters, typing up memos, and getting office supplies. Enzymes help chemical reactions happen by bringing together the molecules that need to react and then getting out of the way so that they can do their job.	enzymes	Using a business analogy, explain enzymes.	ht	business	1
The human active memory system is like a computer. The brain is constantly taking in new information, just as a computer downloads new software. The brain also has to store old information, just as a computer has to save files on its hard drive. The human active memory system can be thought of as three levels: the short-term memory, the long-term memory, and the ultra-long-term memory. Just as a computer's working memory is used to manipulate data that is being processed, the short-term memory stores information that is currently being used. The long-term Memory stores information that was previously used and the ultra-long term Memory stores extremely important or frequently accessed information	human active memory system	Using a business analogy, explain human active memory system.	ht	business	1
The human active memory system can be compared to a computer's random access memory (RAM). It is a temporary storage area where information is kept until it is needed. The RAM holds the program instructions and data that are currently in use by the computer. When the power is turned off, the data in RAM is lost. The human active memory works in much the same way. It temporarily stores information that is being used so that it can be recalled later. If there is not enough room in the working memory to hold all of the information at once, some of it will be forgotten.	human active memory system	Using a business analogy, explain human active memory system.	ht	business	1
Human active memory system is like a computer with a limited amount of RAM. The human brain can only store a certain number of new memories at any given time. Just like when you have too many tabs open in your internet browser, eventually the computer will run out of memory and some of the pages will start to crash. Similarly, when the brain is trying to process too much information simultaneously, it can't remember everything correctly.	human active memory system	Using a business analogy, explain human active memory system.	ht	business	1
In a business, the rate-determining step is the bottleneck in the production process. This is the step that limits how much product can be made in a given amount of time. The same is true for chemical reactions. The rate-determining step is the slowest step in the reaction and determines how quickly it occurs.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a business analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. The rate of a reaction is determined by how fast the reactants can come together to form products. If the slowest step is Rate = k[A][B], then doubling either A or B will only double the speed of the entire reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a business analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	ht	business	0
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the overall reaction. The rate at which a reaction can occur is determined by the speed of this slowest step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a business analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	ht	business	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate molecules based on their size and/or polarity. The molecules are placed in a column, and a solvent is passed through the column. Smaller or more polar molecules move faster than larger or less polar molecules. As a result, the different compounds are separated as they travel down the column.	column chromatography	Using a business analogy, explain column chromatography.	ht	business	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and then a solvent is passed through it. The components of the mixture will dissolve in the solvent at different rates, so they will be separated as they travel down the column.	column chromatography	Using a business analogy, explain column chromatography.	ht	business	0
Column chromatography is a process used to separate different compounds in a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and then a solvent is allowed to flow through the column. The different compounds will travel at different speeds through the column, so they can be separated.	column chromatography	Using a business analogy, explain column chromatography.	ht	business	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a business that is always changing, but always has the same amount of money. For example, if you have $10 and spend $5, you now have $5. If you then earn an extra dollar, you now have $6. The business is always changing, but it always has the same total value.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a business analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	ht	business	1
A business analogy can be useful in understanding dynamic chemical equilibrium. In a business, there is always a balance between income and expenses. If income exceeds expenses, the company makes a profit. If expenses exceed income, the company suffers a loss. The same is true for chemical reactions. In order for a reaction to occur, there must be a balance between the reactants and products of the reaction. When this balance is disturbed by adding more or less of one of the substances involved in the reaction, the equilibrium shifts until there is again a balance between reactants and products.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a business analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	ht	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like the balance of a checkbook. When income and expenses are equal, there is no change in the account balance. In the same way, when concentrations of reactants and products are equal, there is no change in the chemical equilibrium.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a business analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a company's warehouse. It stores things (like proteins, water and lipids) until the company needs them.	vacuole	Using a business analogy, explain vacuole.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is a structure in a cell that helps the cell to function. It is like a storage area for the cell, and it can also help to get rid of waste products from the cell.	vacuole	Using a business analogy, explain vacuole.	ht	business	1
A vacuole is a chamber in the cytoplasm of a cell that helps to maintain the cell's shape. It also helps to store food, water and other materials.	vacuole	Using a business analogy, explain vacuole.	ht	business	0
In business, transport vesicles would be equivalent to the trucks and vans that move goods from place to place. The vesicles carry cargo (in this analogy, the goods are proteins) from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	Using a business analogy, explain transport vesicles.	ht	business	1
A transport vesicle is a small sac-like structure within a cell that contains proteins and other molecules that are needed for the cell to function. The proteins and molecules are transported from one part of the cell to another by the vesicles.	transport vesicles	Using a business analogy, explain transport vesicles.	ht	business	0
In business, a transport vesicle is like a delivery truck. It transports goods from one place to another. In biology, a transport vesicle is like a tiny truck that carries proteins and other molecules around the cell.	transport vesicles	Using a business analogy, explain transport vesicles.	ht	business	1
A proto-oncogene is a gene that, when mutated, can lead to cancer. The mutation usually occurs when the proto-oncogene becomes overactive and starts producing too much of its protein. This excess protein can encourage cells to grow and divide uncontrollably, leading to tumor growth.	proto-oncogenes	Using a business analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	ht	business	0
One way to think of proto-oncogenes is as the "sales force" of a company. Just as a good sales force can help a company grow and make more money, proto-oncogenes promote cell growth and division. This is important for normal tissue development and function, but sometimes these genes can become mutated and start promoting tumor growth instead.	proto-oncogenes	Using a business analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	ht	business	1
Proto-oncogenes are like a business’s marketing department. They promote cell division and growth, which is necessary for the healthy functioning of the organism. However, when proto-oncogenes mutate, they can become oncogenes, which cause cells to divide uncontrollably and form tumors.	proto-oncogenes	Using a business analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	ht	business	1
Oncogenes are genes that can cause cancer. They are responsible for the uncontrolled growth and spread of cancer cells.	oncogenes	Using a business analogy, explain oncogenes.	ht	business	0
In business, an oncogene is a gene that can cause cancer. It's like a virus that invades healthy cells and causes them to become cancerous.	oncogenes	Using a business analogy, explain oncogenes.	ht	business	1
Oncogenes are like a business that is doing very well. The oncogene is making a lot of money and the employees (cells) are happy and productive. However, something happens that causes the oncogene to start making less money. The employees (cells) start to become unhappy and unproductive. This is similar to how cancer can develop when an oncogene starts to malfunction.	oncogenes	Using a business analogy, explain oncogenes.	ht	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police of the body. They help to keep cells from growing and dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way, which can lead to cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a business analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	ht	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep cells from dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way, which can lead to cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a business analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	ht	business	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police of the body. They help to keep cells from becoming cancerous and growing out of control.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a business analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	ht	business	1
Brittle software is difficult to change and often breaks when it is modified. It is not very flexible, so small changes can cause big problems.	brittle software	Using a business analogy, explain brittle software.	ht	business	0
In the business world, brittle software can be thought of as a product that is very vulnerable to breaking. If something small goes wrong with it, the entire product can crumble. This is in contrast to more flexible software, which can withstand a certain amount of wear and tear before it breaks.	brittle software	Using a business analogy, explain brittle software.	ht	business	1
Brittle software is like a vase that you might see in someone's house. It's beautiful to look at, but it's not very durable. If you drop it, it will likely shatter into pieces. Brittle software is also susceptible to breaking easily and often has a shorter life span than other types of software.	brittle software	Using a business analogy, explain brittle software.	ht	business	1
In a business, resonance hybrid is when two or more companies merge to create a stronger company. This creates synergy between the businesses and allows them to become more competitive in the market. In terms of molecules, resonance hybrid is when two or more orbitals combine to form a new orbital. This creates stability within the molecule and results in a lower energy state.	resonance hybrid	Using a business analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	ht	business	1
A resonance hybrid is like a company with multiple shareholders. The company has a single legal identity, but it is owned by many people (the shareholders). Each shareholder has a limited liability and they all share in the profits (or losses) of the company. In physics, a resonance hybrid is an atom or molecule that contains more than one type of electron orbitals. These orbitals overlap to create several different energy levels within the atom or molecule.	resonance hybrid	Using a business analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	ht	business	1
A resonance hybrid is a molecule formed from two or more atoms that are held together by covalent bonds. The atoms share one or more pairs of electrons in order to complete their outer shells. In a resonance hybrid, the electrons are shared equally between the bonded atoms. This results in a stable molecule with lower energy than the individual atoms would have had if they were not bonded.	resonance hybrid	Using a business analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	ht	business	0
The wave mechanical model is similar to the way waves behave on the surface of water. A disturbance creates a series of compressions and expansions in the medium (the water), which travel away from the origin of the disturbance. The distance between successive crests or troughs is called the wavelength, and the time it takes for one crest or trough to pass a given point is called the period.	wave mechanical model	Using a business analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	ht	business	1
A wave mechanical model is like a company. It has an organization with different positions and responsibilities. The waves are the employees and they have specific jobs to do that contribute to the overall functioning of the company.	wave mechanical model	Using a business analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	ht	business	1
The wave mechanical model is like a group of businessmen or women travelling together. The people in the group are waves, and they move around and interact with each other. Sometimes, two waves collide and merge to create a new wave. Other times, two waves pass by each other without affecting each other.	wave mechanical model	Using a business analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	ht	business	1
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a measure of the electrical activity in your brain. It records the tiny voltage changes that occur when neurons send signals to each other.	electroencephalogram	Using a business analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	ht	business	0
An electroencephalogram, or EEG, is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. It can help doctors see if there is an abnormal pattern of electrical signals in your brain. This information can help them diagnose conditions such as epilepsy or seizure disorders.	electroencephalogram	Using a business analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	ht	business	0
The electroencephalogram measures the electrical activity in your brain. It is a non-invasive test that uses electrodes placed on your scalp to measure the amount and type of electrical activity in different parts of your brain.	electroencephalogram	Using a business analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	ht	business	0
DNA replication can be thought of as a business process. The DNA is the original document, and the copies are the duplicates. The process begins when an enzyme called helicase attaches to the DNA molecule and "unzips" it, separating the two strands. Then another enzyme called polymerase comes along and starts copying each strand, building new DNA molecules from scratch.	dna replication	Using a business analogy, explain dna replication.	ht	business	1
Replication can be thought of as a manufacturing process. The original product, in this case the DNA double helix, is used as a template for producing an exact copy. This duplication occurs during the S phase of the cell cycle when chromosomes are duplicated.	dna replication	Using a business analogy, explain dna replication.	ht	business	1
DNA replication is akin to a company producing copies of its business cards. The DNA molecule is the original "business card" and during replication, it produces an exact copy of itself. This process ensures that the genetic information remains intact from one generation to the next.	dna replication	Using a business analogy, explain dna replication.	ht	business	1
Just as a business needs people to create products and services, the cell needs ribonucleic acid (RNA) to create proteins. RNA is made up of building blocks called nucleotides. These nucleotides are linked together like beads on a string. The sequence of nucleotides in an RNA molecule determines the order of amino acids in a protein. This process is called transcription	rna transcription	Using a business analogy, explain rna transcription.	ht	business	1
RNA transcription is the process of copying DNA sequences into RNA molecules. The RNA transcript is created when the enzyme RNA polymerase attaches to the gene's promoter region and begins reading the sequence of nucleotides in the DNA strand. The RNA polymerase uses free ribonucleotides to create a complementary copy of the DNA sequence, and as it reads along the strand, it builds a new molecule of RNA. When it reaches the end of the gene, it releases the newly-made RNA transcript and moves on to read another gene.	rna transcription	Using a business analogy, explain rna transcription.	ht	business	0
In business, transcription is the process of creating a written copy of an oral presentation. In biology, transcription is the process of creating a written copy of genetic information from DNA. RNA (ribonucleic acid) is created when the genetic information in DNA is transcribed into a working template for protein synthesis.	rna transcription	Using a business analogy, explain rna transcription.	ht	business	1
Protein translation is the process of reading a gene's DNA sequence and creating a corresponding protein molecule. This process occurs in the cell's nucleus, and it is facilitated by enzymes called RNA polymerases. The mRNA molecule is created during transcription, and it serves as the template for translating the gene's DNA sequence into a protein. The ribosomes within the cell then use this mRNA to create a string of amino acids, which will eventually form a functional protein molecule.	protein translation	Using a business analogy, explain protein translation.	ht	business	0
Protein translation can be thought of as a business. The mRNA is the company's plan or blueprint, while the ribosomes are the workers who follow the instructions and build the protein. The tRNA molecules act as interpreters, making sure that each worker has all of the information they need to do their job correctly.	protein translation	Using a business analogy, explain protein translation.	ht	business	1
The process of protein translation is similar to a business that manufactures products. The mRNA is the blue print for the product and the ribosomes are the factory workers who assemble the proteins according to the instructions on the mRNA.	protein translation	Using a business analogy, explain protein translation.	ht	business	1
The ecosystem is a community of different species of living organisms and their physical environment. The term can be used to refer to different areas, such as a forest or an ocean.	ecosystem	Using a business analogy, explain ecosystem.	ht	business	0
An ecosystem is a group of living and nonliving things that work together. The sun provides energy for the plants, which in turn provide food for the animals. The animals depend on the plants for their survival, and the plants depend on the animals to spread their seeds.	ecosystem	Using a business analogy, explain ecosystem.	ht	business	0
A business ecosystem is a group of organizations that work together to create and deliver a product or service. The members of the ecosystem include the company that makes the product, the retailers who sell it, and the customers who buy it.	ecosystem	Using a business analogy, explain ecosystem.	ht	business	0
The action potential is like a message being sent down a telephone line. The message starts at the mouthpiece of the phone (the cell body of the neuron) and travels down the wire to the receiver (the end of the neuron). Along the way, it passes through several junctions called nodes of Ranvier. At each node, there is a voltage-gated sodium channel that opens briefly, allowing sodium ions to rush into the nerve cell. This influx of ions causes the membrane potential to change, which in turn triggers another action potential that propagates down the next section of nerve fiber.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a business analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	ht	business	1
When an action potential is initiated at the axon hillock, it propagates down the neuron in a wave. The wave of excitation travels down the axon by activating voltage-gated ion channels. These channels allow specific ions to flow into or out of the neuron, creating an electrical current that propels the action potential forward. This process repeats itself as each new section of the axon is reached, allowing the action potential to travel long distances.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a business analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	ht	business	0
A nerve impulse is like an electric current that travels down a wire. When the neuron is stimulated, it sends out a signal called an action potential. This signal moves down the neuron's axon at speeds of up to 200 miles per hour. The action potential causes voltage-gated sodium channels in the axon to open and allow Na+ ions to flow into the neuron. This influx of Na+ ions makes the inside of the neuron become more positive, which triggers more voltage-gated sodium channels to open. This process spreads the action potential quickly down the length of the axon.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a business analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	ht	business	1
Frogs have a breathing mechanism that is similar to humans. They use their lungs to breathe in oxygen and carbon dioxide. Frogs also have a special organ called the cloaca which helps them absorb oxygen from the water.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a business analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	ht	business	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. Air enters the body through the nose and mouth, travels down the throat into the lungs, and is then expelled from the body when the frog exhales. Frogs have a unique ability to breathe through their skin, which allows them to absorb oxygen from water while they are swimming.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a business analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	ht	business	1
Breathing is the process of taking in oxygen and releasing carbon dioxide. This happens through the lungs in humans. In frogs, there are two ways that they breathe: through their mouth and through their skin. When they breathe through their mouth, it is similar to how humans breathe. They take in air and then release carbon dioxide. When they breathe through their skin, it works a little differently. Frogs have special cells on their skin called capillaries. These cells can take in oxygen from the air and then release it into the frog's blood stream.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a business analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	ht	business	1
A layered architecture is like a onion. It has many layers that are all interconnected. The outer layer is the easiest to get to and the inner layer is the hardest. You can peel off one layer at a time or you can cut through the entire onion. Each layer has its own purpose and function.	layered architecture	Using a business analogy, explain layered architecture.	ht	business	1
In business, layered architecture is often used when there are multiple divisions that need to work together. Each division has its own functions and responsibilities, but they all rely on each other to be successful. The same is true for software applications. By using a layered architecture, developers can create modules that can be reused and customized depending on the needs of the application. This allows for a more efficient development process and makes it easier to make changes or updates to the code base.	layered architecture	Using a business analogy, explain layered architecture.	ht	business	1
A layered architecture is a system design in which the components of the system are divided into layers. Each layer interacts with the adjacent layers, but does not interact directly with the components in other layers. This type of architecture allows for easy modification and expansion of the system.	layered architecture	Using a business analogy, explain layered architecture.	ht	business	0
In a business, if there are not enough workers to do the job, it will take longer for the task to be completed. This is similar to a chemical reaction where if there is not enough of one reactant, the reaction cannot proceed as quickly. The limiting reactant is the molecule that limits how much product can be made. The excess reactant is any leftover molecules that were not used up in the reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a business analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	ht	business	1
In a business, limiting reactant would be the equivalent of having too few employees to handle customer demand. This would mean that not all customers could be served and some would have to wait longer than others. Excess reactant, on the other hand, would be like having too many employees on staff - some people would be overworked while others are underutilized.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a business analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is the one that runs out first in a chemical reaction. The excess reactant is the one that's left over after the limiting reactant has been used up.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a business analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	ht	business	0
A eukaryotic cell is like a business. It has a CEO, managers, and employees. The CEO is the nucleus and the managers are the organelles. The employees are the cells that make up the body of the business.	eukaryotic cell	Using a business analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a business. It has a CEO, managers, workers, and customers. The CEO is the nucleus, the managers are the organelles, the workers are the cytoplasm, and the customers are the molecules.	eukaryotic cell	Using a business analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell is the most complex type of cell. It has a membrane-bound nucleus that contains its genetic information in the form of chromosomes. The cytoplasm of a eukaryotic cell contains organelles such as mitochondria and chloroplasts, which are responsible for generating energy and photosynthesis, respectively. Eukaryotic cells also have unique structures called cilia and flagella that enable them to move around.	eukaryotic cell	Using a business analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	ht	business	0
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple, has limited resources, and can only do a few things.	prokaryotic cell	Using a business analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple and has few or no organelles. The cells DNA floats around in the cytoplasm, just like a small business has limited financial resources that are spread out among the employees. The prokaryotic cell also relies on outside sources for food and energy, much like a small business owner might have to contract with other businesses to get what they need to succeed.	prokaryotic cell	Using a business analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple and has a limited number of employees (proteins). The prokaryotic cell relies on external sources for food and energy (nutrients) and can only survive for a certain amount of time if it does not have access to them.	prokaryotic cell	Using a business analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	ht	business	1
The kernel is the core of an operating system, providing essential services to all other parts of the system. It manages memory, processes, and I/O operations, and controls access to devices and files. The kernel also provides basic security features for the system.	operating systems kernel	Using a business analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	ht	business	0
The kernel is the engine of a car. It's responsible for turning fuel into motion, and it's the part of the car that you can't see from the outside. Similarly, an operating system's kernel is the core component that drives everything else. It handles tasks such as managing memory, loading programs, and interacting with hardware devices.	operating systems kernel	Using a business analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	ht	business	1
The kernel is the heart of an operating system. It's responsible for managing all of the resources of the computer, and it provides low-level services to applications. The kernel also handles communication between software applications and the hardware components of the computer.	operating systems kernel	Using a business analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	ht	business	0
A limiting reactant is the reactant in a chemical reaction that is consumed first. The amount of product that can be produced is limited by the amount of the limiting reactant.	limiting reactant	Using a business analogy, explain limiting reactant.	ht	business	0
A limiting reactant is a substance that limits the amount of product that can be formed in a chemical reaction. It is also called a "bottleneck" because it restricts the flow of reactants and products. In other words, it's like having a road with only one lane - traffic can only move as fast as the slowest car.	limiting reactant	Using a business analogy, explain limiting reactant.	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is the one that becomes exhausted first in a chemical reaction. It's like having only so much fuel in your car to get to your destination. Once it's gone, no matter how many passengers are still in the car, you can't go any further. In terms of chemistry, once the limiting reactant is used up, the reaction stops.	limiting reactant	Using a business analogy, explain limiting reactant.	ht	business	1
Helicase is a protein that helps to unzip DNA, making it possible for the genetic information inside the DNA to be accessed and used.	helicase	Using a business analogy, explain helicase.	ht	business	0
Helicase is a protein that helps to unwind DNA, making it easier for the cell to read and replicate the genetic information. It works like a zip-line, moving along the length of the DNA molecule and unzipping it as it goes.	helicase	Using a business analogy, explain helicase.	ht	business	0
If helicase is a business, then it can be thought of as a delivery service. It helps to move material (in this analogy, DNA) around the cell by unwinding and separating the double helix into two single strands. This makes it easier for other proteins to come in and do their jobs.	helicase	Using a business analogy, explain helicase.	ht	business	1
A replication binding protein is a type of molecule that helps attach DNA strands together during the process of replication. These proteins are important for ensuring accurate duplication of the genetic material, and can help prevent errors from occurring.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a business analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	ht	business	0
DNA replication binding proteins, also known as helicases, are like the secretaries of a business. They help to keep everything organized and running smoothly. In this analogy, the DNA is the boss and the replication binding proteins are responsible for making sure that all of the instructions are followed correctly.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a business analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	ht	business	1
DNA replication binding proteins are like the scaffolding that helps to build a house. The scaffolding holds up the walls and roof while the builders put in the nails and screws. In much the same way, DNA replication binding proteins help to hold up the chromosomes while new DNA is being copied.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a business analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	ht	business	1
Ligase is a term used in business to describe the process of creating a new company by combining two or more existing companies. The ligase brings together the resources, skills and experience of each company to create a new entity with greater potential than any of the individual companies could have achieved on their own.	ligase	Using a business analogy, explain ligase.	ht	business	0
A ligase is a protein that helps to seal DNA strands together. It does this by catalyzing the formation of a phosphodiester bond between the 5'hydroxyl group of one nucleotide and the 3'hydroxyl group of another.	ligase	Using a business analogy, explain ligase.	ht	business	0
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It does this by connecting the free ends of the DNA molecules and creating a new molecule. This process is called ligating and it is an important step in DNA replication.	ligase	Using a business analogy, explain ligase.	ht	business	0
A process control block (PCB) is a data structure in a computer operating system that helps manage the running of processes. The PCB contains information about each process, such as its state, priority, and resource usage. When a process is started, the operating system creates a PCB for it and stores it in memory. The PCB is updated as the process runs, and when the process ends, the operating system cleans up any associated resources.	process control block	Using a business analogy, explain process control block.	ht	business	0
A process control block (PCB) is a data structure that stores information about an active process, such as its state, registers, and memory. The PCB helps to ensure that the process runs correctly and efficiently.	process control block	Using a business analogy, explain process control block.	ht	business	0
A process control block (PCB) is a data structure used by the kernel of an operating system to manage a process. The PCB contains information about the state of the process, its resources, and the status of its execution.	process control block	Using a business analogy, explain process control block.	ht	business	0
In business, encoding is the process of translating raw data into a format that can be used by a computer. This might include transforming text into ASCII code, converting images into binary form, or compressing files to save storage space. In computing terms, encoding is also known as "formatting."	message encoding	Using a business analogy, explain message encoding.	ht	business	0
When you encode a message, you are putting it into a specific format so that it can be sent and received by the intended recipient. This may involve translating it into a different language, formatting it in a specific way, or using special codes or symbols. The goal is to make sure that the message is clear and understandable for the person receiving it.	message encoding	Using a business analogy, explain message encoding.	ht	business	0
In business, encoding is the process of transforming data into a format that can be sent and received. This might involve converting text to an encrypted form or compressing it so that it takes up less space. In order for the recipient to understand the message, they must have the same decoding software or tools as the sender.	message encoding	Using a business analogy, explain message encoding.	ht	business	0
Just as a business has to have the correct products and services in order to satisfy the needs of its customers, a receptor site must have the correct drug molecule in order to bind and produce a response. The drug molecule is like the product, while the receptor site is like the customer. If there is not a good match between the two, then no response will occur.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a business analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	ht	business	1
Receptor sites are like the cash registers in a business. The drug is like the customer who comes into the store and buys something. The receptor site is where the purchase is registered.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a business analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	ht	business	1
A drug is like a key, and the receptor site is like a lock. The drug fits into the receptor site like a key would fit into a lock. When this happens, it triggers a response in the cell. This response can be anything from blocking pain signals to making the heart beat faster.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a business analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	ht	business	1
A monitor is an employee who oversees and evaluates the work of other employees. They make sure that everything is going smoothly and that all tasks are completed properly. Monitors also provide feedback to employees on their performance.	monitor	Using a business analogy, explain monitor.	ht	business	0
A monitor is like a supervisor in a business. They are responsible for making sure everything runs smoothly and that employees are doing their jobs correctly. Monitors also make sure that everyone is following the rules and that any problems or concerns are addressed quickly.	monitor	Using a business analogy, explain monitor.	ht	business	1
In computing, a monitor or display is an electronic visual output device that displays information in pictorial form. A monitor usually comprises the display panel, circuitry, casing, and power supply. The display panel contains the pixels that create the image.	monitor	Using a business analogy, explain monitor.	ht	business	0
The CPU, or central processing unit, is the "brain" of a computer. It controls all of the operations of the system and handles tasks that need to be completed quickly. The CPU is responsible for things like reading and writing data to memory, decoding instructions from software programs, and managing input and output devices.	cpu	Using a business analogy, explain cpu.	ht	business	0
A CPU, or Central Processing Unit, is the "brain" of a computer. It's responsible for executing commands and running applications. CPUs come in all shapes and sizes, but the most common type is a microprocessor.	cpu	Using a business analogy, explain cpu.	ht	business	0
CPU is like the brain of a computer. It processes all the information that comes into the system and makes sure everything works properly.	cpu	Using a business analogy, explain cpu.	ht	business	1
A motherboard is the main circuit board in a computer. It holds all of the essential components and allows them to communicate with each other.	motherboard	Using a business analogy, explain motherboard.	ht	business	0
A motherboard is the backbone of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds all of the key components of the system and allows them to communicate with each other. The motherboard determines what kind of processor, RAM, and other peripherals can be used in the system.	motherboard	Using a business analogy, explain motherboard.	ht	business	0
A motherboard is the heart of a computer. It is a large, flat circuit board that everything plugs into. The motherboard contains the central processing unit (CPU), memory, connectors for hard drives, optical drives, and other devices, and expansion slots.	motherboard	Using a business analogy, explain motherboard.	ht	business	0
Ram is a type of computer memory that stores data for short periods of time so that it can be accessed quickly. Ram is often used to store the contents of an application's working memory, which allows the application to continue functioning even after it has been closed.	ram	Using a business analogy, explain ram.	ht	business	0
Ram is the process of writing data to a storage device. When you save a document on your computer, for example, you're using ram.	ram	Using a business analogy, explain ram.	ht	business	0
Ram is a computer term that stands for Random Access Memory. This type of memory is where data and programs are stored when they are being used by the computer. The faster the ram, the faster your computer will run.	ram	Using a business analogy, explain ram.	ht	business	0
A power supply unit (PSU) is a component of a computer system that converts mains AC to low-voltage regulated DC power for the internal components of the system.	power supply unit	Using a business analogy, explain power supply unit.	ht	business	0
A power supply unit (PSU) is like the engine of a car. It takes electricity from the wall and converts it into a form that the computer can use. The PSU is important because it provides power to all of the components in your computer. If your PSU fails, then your computer will not work.	power supply unit	Using a business analogy, explain power supply unit.	ht	business	1
A power supply unit (PSU) is like the engine of a car. It takes power from the battery or alternator and converts it into levels that can run various devices in the car, such as the headlights, radio, air conditioning, etc. A PSU does something similar for a computer - it accepts AC current from the wall outlet and converts it to DC current that runs all of the PC's components.	power supply unit	Using a business analogy, explain power supply unit.	ht	business	1
A keyboard is a tool that helps input data into a computer.	keyboard	Using a business analogy, explain keyboard.	ht	business	0
A keyboard is like a salesperson. It is one of the most important tools that you have and it can make or break your business. You need to make sure that it is always in good condition, has all the right keys, and knows how to use them correctly.	keyboard	Using a business analogy, explain keyboard.	ht	business	1
A keyboard is like a salesperson. It can help you make a lot of money if used correctly.	keyboard	Using a business analogy, explain keyboard.	ht	business	1
A mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is commonly used as a symbol of vulnerability or insignificance. In business, the mouse can be seen as a metaphor for something that is small and insignificant when compared to other elements of the company.	mouse	Using a business analogy, explain mouse.	ht	business	1
A mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is commonly used as a symbol of computer input.	mouse	Using a business analogy, explain mouse.	ht	business	0
Mouse is a computer input device that allows the user to control the movement of the cursor on the screen.	mouse	Using a business analogy, explain mouse.	ht	business	0
An audio card is a device that allows your computer to produce sound. It usually plugs into the back of your computer, and has a port for connecting headphones or speakers.	audio card	Using a business analogy, explain audio card.	ht	business	0
An audio card is a piece of computer hardware that facilitates the input and output of sound signals. The audio card allows your computer to play music, movies, and games with sound, as well as make and receive phone calls with a built-in microphone.	audio card	Using a business analogy, explain audio card.	ht	business	0
An audio card is a device that allows your computer to send and receive sound. It plugs into the back of your computer and has a cable that goes into your speaker or headphones.	audio card	Using a business analogy, explain audio card.	ht	business	0
A video card is like the CPU of a computer. It helps to process images and videos.	video card	Using a business analogy, explain video card.	ht	business	1
A video card is like a printer for your computer. It takes the digital information from the CPU and turns it into an image that can be displayed on the monitor.	video card	Using a business analogy, explain video card.	ht	business	1
A video card is the equivalent of a computer's graphics processing unit (GPU). It helps to determine the quality and speed of the images that are displayed on your monitor.	video card	Using a business analogy, explain video card.	ht	business	1
The tree's age calculation is like a business calculating its inventory. The tree calculates its age by counting the number of rings in a section of wood that was cut from the trunk. Each ring is a year of growth, so by counting the rings, the tree can determine how old it is.	tree's age calculation	Using a business analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	ht	business	1
A tree's age calculation is like a business' income statement. It shows how much money the tree has made over its lifetime, starting from when it was planted. The calculation takes into account the growth of the tree's trunk and branches, as well as any new trees that have been planted around it.	tree's age calculation	Using a business analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	ht	business	1
A tree's age calculation is like a company's balance sheet. You have assets on one side and liabilities on the other. The assets are what the company owns (property, cash, investments, etc.), and the liabilities are what the company owes (money borrowed, accounts payable, etc.). The difference between the two is called net worth or equity. For a tree, the asset is its trunk and branches, and the liabilities are its roots. Over time, as new growth is added to the tree (the new branches and leaves), it increases in value (assets go up) while at the same time the roots get bigger (liabilities go up). So you can think of a tree's age as how long it has been growing since its last birthday.	tree's age calculation	Using a business analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	ht	business	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose molecules into two pyruvate molecules.	glycolysis	Using a business analogy, explain glycolysis.	ht	business	0
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose (blood sugar) into two molecules of pyruvate. This occurs in the cytoplasm of cells and does not require oxygen. The pyruvate is then transported into the mitochondria, where it is further broken down to release energy for the cell's use.	glycolysis	Using a business analogy, explain glycolysis.	ht	business	0
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using a business analogy, explain glycolysis.	ht	business	0
Anti-stokes scattering is the process by which light energy is released from a molecule. This occurs when an incoming photon causes an electron to move to a higher energy level, and then the electron falls back down and releases a photon of lower energy. This second photon typically has less energy than the original, and it is this secondary emission that is responsible for anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a business analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	ht	business	0
Anti-stokes scattering is like a business that has too much inventory. The business needs to sell its inventory in order to make money, but it can't because there is too much of it. Anti-stokes scattering happens when light hits a particle and the energy of the light is greater than the energy of the particle. This causes the particle to emit radiation and lose energy until it matches the energy of the light.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a business analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	ht	business	1
When light shines on a surface, some of the light is reflected off the surface while some of it penetrates into the object. The light that penetrates into the object will be scattered by the internal structure of the object. This scattering process causes photons to lose energy and eventually escape from the object. This phenomenon is known as anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a business analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	ht	business	0
Stokes scattering is the process by which a photon or particle interacts with a medium, such as air, and is scattered in many directions. This occurs when the energy of the photon or particle is not great enough to cause significant damage to the atoms of the medium. The photons or particles that scatter in this way are called Stokes photons or particles.	stokes scattering	Using a business analogy, explain stokes scattering.	ht	business	0
In stokes scattering, light is scattered off of small particles in a medium. This occurs when the light waves hit the tiny particles at an angle. The smaller the particle, the more likely it is to scatter the light.	stokes scattering	Using a business analogy, explain stokes scattering.	ht	business	0
Stokes scattering is a process that happens when light particles (photons) interact with matter. The photons lose energy as they scatter off of the atoms in the matter and this causes them to change direction.	stokes scattering	Using a business analogy, explain stokes scattering.	ht	business	0
The median lethal dose is the amount of a toxin or other substance required to kill half of a population of test animals. It is used as a measure of the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using a business analogy, explain median lethal dose.	ht	business	0
A median lethal dose, also known as an LD50, is the dose of a chemical that kills 50% of the test population. It can be used to measure the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using a business analogy, explain median lethal dose.	ht	business	0
If you think of a company as a living entity, the median lethal dose would be the point at which half of the employees have died and the other half are still alive. In other words, it's the dose that kills 50% of those exposed to it.	median lethal dose	Using a business analogy, explain median lethal dose.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for the universe is a company with many branches. Each branch of the company is like its own little universe with its own rules and regulations. However, all the branches are still part of the same company, and they share some commonalities. Similarly, all the universes in existence are all part of one big universe, and they share some common characteristics.	universe	Using a business analogy, explain universe.	ht	business	1
The universe can be thought of as a big business. It has a CEO (God), managers (angels and saints), employees (humans), and customers (spirits). The CEO sets the goals for the company, and the managers carry out those goals. The employees do their jobs, and the customers buy the products.	universe	Using a business analogy, explain universe.	ht	business	1
The universe can be thought of as a business. It has an owner (God), employees (angels and saints), customers (human beings), and a purpose or mission statement (to glorify God). Like any good business, the universe is constantly evolving, growing, and changing.	universe	Using a business analogy, explain universe.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are proteins that catalyze biochemical reactions. They work by binding to the substrate of the reaction and bringing it close to the reactive center of the enzyme where it can react with other molecules. The active site on the enzyme is specifically designed to bind to a certain type of molecule, called the substrates. The shape and charge of this active site will determine which molecules it can bind to. Enzyme mechanism involves many different steps, but in general, once the enzyme has bound its substrates, it will start to catalyze a chemical reaction between them. This will cause them to break down into smaller molecules that can then be used by the cell for energy or other purposes	enzyme mechanism	Using a business analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	ht	business	0
Enzyme mechanism can be likened to the workings of a business. The enzyme is the business, and the substrate (the molecule that the enzyme works on) is the customer. The active site of the enzyme is where the action takes place, and it's like the cash register where transactions are recorded. The product of the reaction is analogous to profits, and enzymes can be classified according to how efficient they are in producing this product.	enzyme mechanism	Using a business analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like the employees of a business. They are responsible for performing specific tasks in order to carry out the overall goal of the company. In the case of enzymes, their task is to catalyze chemical reactions. This means that they make it easier for molecules to join together and break apart, speeding up the reaction.	enzyme mechanism	Using a business analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	ht	business	1
In business, anova is used to measure the performance of different divisions or subsidiaries within a company. The goal is to determine which division is most successful and how they are performing in comparison to the others. This type of analysis can be helpful in making strategic decisions about where to allocate resources.	anova	Using a business analogy, explain anova.	ht	business	0
There are many ways to compare the performance of two or more different businesses. One popular method is an analysis of variance, or "anova." This technique compares the variances (or standard deviations) of the results from each business. If the variances are about the same, then it can be concluded that the businesses are performing similarly. However, if one business has much larger variances than the others, then it can be inferred that this business is doing worse (or better) than the others.	anova	Using a business analogy, explain anova.	ht	business	1
The anova test is used to determine if there is a statistically significant difference between the means of two or more groups. It does this by comparing the variance of the groups. If the variance is found to be significantly different, then it can be concluded that there is a statistically significant difference between the means of those groups.	anova	Using a business analogy, explain anova.	ht	business	0
A thermostat is a device that helps regulate the temperature in a room or building. It does this by sensing the ambient air temperature and then either heating or cooling the air accordingly to maintain the desired temperature.	thermostat	Using a business analogy, explain thermostat.	ht	business	0
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on and off the heating or cooling system as needed to maintain the desired temperature.	thermostat	Using a business analogy, explain thermostat.	ht	business	0
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building by turning on and off the heating or cooling system.	thermostat	Using a business analogy, explain thermostat.	ht	business	0
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that is doing well. It has a lot of customers and is making money. The company keeps making products and selling them to its customers. However, it also has to make sure it has enough product to meet the demand of its customers. If it doesn't have enough product, then some of its customers will go somewhere else for their products. The company also needs to make sure that it's not overproducing and wasting resources.	chemical equilibrium	Using a business analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	ht	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that has reached its break-even point. The business will continue to produce the same amount of output no matter how much or how little input it receives. In chemical equilibrium, the rate at which the reactants are converted into products is equal to the rate at which products are converted back into reactants.	chemical equilibrium	Using a business analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	ht	business	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that has reached its break-even point. The business is no longer making a profit, but it is also not losing money. In the same way, chemical equilibrium means that the concentration of reactants and products in a system are equal.	chemical equilibrium	Using a business analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	ht	business	1
Just-In-Time is a inventory management technique that aims to improve a company's return on investment (ROI) by reducing the amount of money tied up in raw materials, work-in-progress stocks, and finished goods. The goal is to have just enough components or finished products on hand to meet customer demand so that no excess inventory accumulates and no outages occur.	just-in-time	Using a business analogy, explain just-in-time.	ht	business	0
Just-in-time is a business strategy that strives to improve quality and decrease costs by reducing the time between when an order is placed and when the product is delivered. The goal is to have just enough inventory on hand so that there are no delays in filling orders, but not so much inventory that it goes unused and becomes a financial burden.	just-in-time	Using a business analogy, explain just-in-time.	ht	business	0
Just-In-Time is a business strategy that strives to eliminate waste by receiving goods only as they are needed and in the quantities required. This eliminates the need for excess inventory, which can be costly due to storage fees and the depreciation of products.	just-in-time	Using a business analogy, explain just-in-time.	ht	business	0
Adaptive immunity is like a business that can quickly adapt to changes in the market. For example, if a new competitor enters the market, the business can quickly change its product or service to stay competitive. The same is true for adaptive immunity – it can quickly respond to foreign invaders (antigens) and mount an effective immune response.	adaptive immunity	Using a business analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	ht	business	1
Adaptive immunity is like a business that has learned how to respond quickly and efficiently to changes in its environment. It can adapt by adjusting the way it does things, hiring new employees, or making other changes as needed. The immune system does this by constantly learning from experience and then adapting its responses accordingly. For example, if you get sick with a virus, your immune system will learn from the attack and be better prepared next time.	adaptive immunity	Using a business analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	ht	business	1
Adaptive immunity is similar to the immune system of a business. The immune system of a business protects it from outside attacks, such as competitors, and also helps the company to adapt and grow. The adaptive immune system in humans does the same thing by protecting us from diseases and helping our bodies to adapt and grow.	adaptive immunity	Using a business analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	ht	business	1
In business, ohm's law can be seen as the relationship between price and demand. Just as electricity flows through a wire in direct proportion to the voltage applied and inversely proportional to the resistance of the wire, so too does demand for a product or service increase when prices are raised (assuming all other factors remain constant) and decrease when prices are lowered (again, assuming all other factors remain constant).	ohm's law	Using a business analogy, explain ohm's law.	ht	business	1
Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference across the two points. In symbols, this can be written as: where I is current in amps, V is voltage in volts, and R is resistance in ohms. This equation says that if you increase the voltage by one volt, then the current will increase by one amp.	ohm's law	Using a business analogy, explain ohm's law.	ht	business	0
Just as a business has expenses and income, an electrical circuit has voltage and current. Ohm's law states that the voltage in a circuit is equal to the current multiplied by the resistance. This equation helps us understand how electricity flows through circuits.	ohm's law	Using a business analogy, explain ohm's law.	ht	business	1
Transcription is the process of turning audio or video files into written documents. This can be done either by a human transcriber or through automated tools. Transcribing involves listening to the audio or watching the video and writing down what is said, verbatim.	transcription	Using a business analogy, explain transcription.	ht	business	0
In business, transcription is the process of recording spoken words into a written format. This can be done with a dictation machine or through software that converts speech to text. The recorded transcript can then be used for a variety of purposes, such as creating meeting minutes, taking notes, or compiling data.	transcription	Using a business analogy, explain transcription.	ht	business	0
Transcription is the process of taking spoken words and turning them into written text. This can be done manually, or through the use of technology like speech recognition software.	transcription	Using a business analogy, explain transcription.	ht	business	0
Polymerases are enzymes that catalyze the polymerization of nucleotides into polynucleotides. RNA polymerase is a type of enzyme that specifically catalyzes the synthesis of RNA from DNA templates.	rna polymerase	Using a business analogy, explain rna polymerase.	ht	business	0
RNA polymerase is like the secretary of a business. The secretary takes notes of what the boss says and then type it up to create a written record. RNA polymerase does the same thing with DNA- it listens to the instructions in DNA and creates a copy of that information as RNA.	rna polymerase	Using a business analogy, explain rna polymerase.	ht	business	1
RNA polymerase is a protein enzyme that catalyzes the transcription of DNA into RNA using the complimentary nitrogen base pairing rules of RNA. In other words, it creates a copy (molecule) of the genetic code found in DNA so that it can be used to create proteins.	rna polymerase	Using a business analogy, explain rna polymerase.	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They take the instructions from the DNA and create proteins.	ribosome	Using a business analogy, explain ribosome.	ht	business	1
The ribosome is the engine of protein synthesis. It consists of two subunits, a small and a large, which are composed of RNA and proteins. The small subunit interacts with messenger RNA (mRNA) to read the genetic code and assemble the amino acids into a peptide chain. The large subunit joins successive peptide chains to form a protein molecule.	ribosome	Using a business analogy, explain ribosome.	ht	business	0
The ribosome is the protein factory of the cell. It reads the genetic code in DNA to create proteins. The proteins are then used by the cells to perform their functions.	ribosome	Using a business analogy, explain ribosome.	ht	business	0
Activator protein is a molecule that binds to regulatory DNA sequences upstream of the transcription start site and initiates RNA polymerase II binding and transcription.	activator protein	Using a business analogy, explain activator protein.	ht	business	0
Activator protein is like the CEO of a company. It's responsible for getting things done and ensuring that the company runs smoothly. In the same way, activator protein is responsible for activating genes and helping them to function correctly.	activator protein	Using a business analogy, explain activator protein.	ht	business	1
Activator protein is the key that unlocks transcription factors so they can bind to DNA and initiate gene transcription.	activator protein	Using a business analogy, explain activator protein.	ht	business	0
Electricity flows through a closed circuit like water flowing through a hose. The electricity starts at the power plant and goes to your house through the wires. It then flows back to the power plant through the ground.	electric circuit	Using a business analogy, explain electric circuit.	ht	business	1
An electric circuit is like a system of roads and highways that vehicles use to travel. The roadways are the electrical wires, and the vehicles are the electrons. Just as cars can only go where there are roads, electrons can only move through an electrical circuit if there is a path for them to follow.	electric circuit	Using a business analogy, explain electric circuit.	ht	business	1
An electric circuit is like a business. The electric current is the flow of money, and the voltage is the profit margin. The resistance is how hard it is for the money to flow, and the capacitance is how much money there is in the bank.	electric circuit	Using a business analogy, explain electric circuit.	ht	business	1
The hydrophobic effect is the phenomenon where nonpolar molecules tend to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This occurs because polar molecules are attracted to each other and repelled by the nonpolar molecule, which creates a barrier that prevents the polar molecules from interacting with the nonpolar molecules.	hydrophobic effect	Using a business analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	ht	business	0
When two substances are mixed together, the hydrophobic (water-hating) molecules will try to get as far away from the water as possible. This is because water is polar, meaning that it has a positive and negative end. The negatively charged end of a water molecule attracts the positively charged end of another molecule. This creates hydrogen bonds between water molecules, which hold them together in clusters. Hydrophobic molecules have no such charge and so they avoid being close to groups of Water molecules.	hydrophobic effect	Using a business analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	ht	business	0
In business, the hydrophobic effect is when a company's products or services are not well received by consumers. The products and services do not interact or appeal to customers in a way that makes them want to buy them. This can be due to a number of factors, such as the quality of the product, the price, how it is marketed, or general consumer trends.	hydrophobic effect	Using a business analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	ht	business	0
Biological signal transduction is similar to the process of a business sending a message to its employees. The first step is transmitting the message, which in biology is done by hormones or neurotransmitters. Hormones are released from glands and travel through the bloodstream to reach their target cells, while neurotransmitters cross the synapse between neurons. The second step is converting the message into an action, which occurs when the hormone or neurotransmitter binds to a receptor on the cell surface. This initiates a chain of events inside the cell that leads to either an increase or decrease in activity. The final step is transmitting the response back to the original sender, which in biology happens through feedback loops. For example, if blood sugar levels drop too low, special cells in pancreas called beta cells release insulin into circulation. Insulin then binds to receptors on muscle and liver cells, causing them take up glucose from blood and store it as glycogen.	biological signal transduction	Using a business analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	ht	business	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a business process where the input is a biological signal (e.g., hormone) and the output is a cellular response. The molecular machinery that underlies this process is analogous to the machines in a factory that convert raw materials into finished products. In this analogy, the cells are the consumers and the hormones are the raw materials.	biological signal transduction	Using a business analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	ht	business	1
A business analogy for signal transduction pathways would be the flow of money within a company. The money is like the signal and it flows through different channels (departments) in order to reach its final destination (the employees). In the same way, signals flow through different cellular pathways until they reach their target molecule or cell.	biological signal transduction	Using a business analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	ht	business	1
Nadh is like a battery in a car. It is the energy that powers the car.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to a business student?	lt	business	1
A protein is like a construction worker. The protein's job is to build and repair the body's cells.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to a business student?	lt	business	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. It contains all of the instructions needed to create a cake.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to a business student?	lt	business	1
A glycogen molecule is like a bucket of water. The water is like the glycogen molecule and the bucket is like the glucose molecule. Glucose is like the water that is in the bucket and glycogen is like the bucket itself.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to a business student?	lt	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the mailroom in a business. It is where packages (molecules) are sorted and sent to the correct destination.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to a business student?	lt	business	1
A golgi is like a post office. It is a place where packages are sorted and sent to their destinations.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to a business student?	lt	business	1
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The directors are responsible for making decisions that affect the company as a whole. The plasma membrane is responsible for making decisions that affect the cell as a whole.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to a business student?	lt	business	1
A lysosome is like a recycling bin in a business. It is where broken down materials are stored until they can be reused.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to a business student?	lt	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the "factories" of the cell. They produce important molecules that the cell needs to function.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to a business student?	lt	business	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "power plants" of the cell. Just as a power plant provides electricity to a city, mitochondria provide energy to the cell.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to a business student?	lt	business	1
A chloroplast is like a factory in a business. The chloroplast produces energy in the form of glucose for the business (the plant). The chloroplast also produces oxygen as a by-product. Just like a factory, the chloroplast has workers (the chloroplasts) and a manager (the nucleus).	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to a business student?	lt	business	1
A cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding inside a building. It helps to hold the cells together and gives them their shape.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to a business student?	lt	business	1
Atp is to a business student as gasoline is to a car.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to a business student?	lt	business	1
NADPH is like the gasoline that powers a car. It is used to create energy in the body.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to a business student?	lt	business	1
A peroxysome is like a small factory inside a cell. It produces molecules called peroxides, which are important for the cell's health.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain mytochondria to a business student would be to compare it to a company's headquarters. Just as the headquarters is responsible for overseeing all the operations of the company, mytochondria is responsible for overseeing all the operations of the cell. It is also responsible for producing energy for the cell.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to a business student?	lt	business	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Just as magnets have a north and south pole, electric charges have a positive and negative pole. Like magnets, electric charges are attracted to each other.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to a business student?	lt	business	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a company's stock price. Just as the stock price can go up or down, the electron's orbital can be higher or lower in energy.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain the first line of defense in the body to a business student would be to compare it to the security guard at a business. The security guard is the first line of defense, and their job is to keep people from entering the business without permission. They are also responsible for keeping track of who is coming and going, and they may be able to provide security for the business in the event of a robbery or other crime. In the same way, the first line of defense in the body is responsible for keeping out bacteria, viruses, and other foreign invaders. They also keep track of what is coming and going, and they may be able to provide immunity for the body in the event of an infection.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to a business student?	lt	business	1
A macrophage can be thought of as a "garbage truck" of the immune system. Macrophages patrol the body for foreign invaders (such as bacteria) and destroy them. They can also engulf and digest cellular debris and other unwanted materials.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a business student would be to compare them to the sales team of a company. The t-helper cells are responsible for activating the immune response and recruiting other immune cells to fight off an infection. Just as a good sales team is essential for a company to succeed, a strong immune response is essential for fighting off infection.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a business student would be to compare them to the sales department of a company. Just as the sales department is responsible for generating revenue for the company, b-lymphocytes are responsible for generating antibodies to fight off infection.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a business student?	lt	business	1
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte can be thought of as a "toxic" business associate. This person is someone who is very aggressive and ruthless in their business dealings. They are not afraid to use any means necessary to get what they want, even if it means harming others.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a business student is the analogy of a business being invaded by a competitor. Just as a business can be harmed by a competitor coming in and taking away customers or market share, a bacterium can invade and take away resources from another bacterium, harming its ability to survive and grow.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain action potential to a business student is to think of an electric circuit. When a switch is turned on, electricity flows through the wires. When the switch is turned off, the electricity stops flowing. The switch is like the voltage in a neuron, and the electricity is like the action potential.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain the experiment of chromatography to a business student would be to say that it is like a funnel. The funnel is used to separate the different colors of paint so that they can be individually identified and used for the desired purpose. In the same way, chromatography is used to separate the different compounds in a sample so that they can be identified and studied.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to a business student?	lt	business	1
A star's main-sequence lifetime is like the lifespan of a business. A star is born, it grows and matures, and then it dies. A business is born, it grows and matures, and then it dies.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a business student?	lt	business	1
A nucleus can be thought of as the "brain" of a business. It is the central part that makes decisions and controls the activities of the business. Just as the brain controls the activities of the body, the nucleus controls the activities of the business.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to a business student?	lt	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. The DNA is the blueprint for the product and the ribosomes are the machines that actually make the product.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to a business student?	lt	business	1
A golgi apparatus can be thought of as a business's shipping and receiving department. The golgi receives shipments (of proteins, for example) from various parts of the business, and then sends them off to the correct destination (such as the cell's nucleus).	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to a business student?	lt	business	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They recycle old or damaged materials so that the business can continue to function efficiently.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to a business student?	lt	business	1
A nuclear envelope can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for making decisions that affect the company as a whole. The nuclear envelope is responsible for making decisions that affect the cell as a whole.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to a business student?	lt	business	1
A vacuole is like a company's bank account. It is a place where the company can store money for future use.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a business student would be to compare it to the human body. The cytoplasm would be the body itself, while the nucleus would be the brain. The cytoplasm would be responsible for all the functions of the body, while the nucleus would be responsible for controlling and directing those functions.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a business student?	lt	business	1
A chromosome is like a chapter in a book. It is a unit of genetic information.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to a business student?	lt	business	1
A cytosol is like a company's office space. It is where all the workers (proteins) do their jobs (carry out cellular processes). The cytosol is also where the company's supplies (nutrients) are stored.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to a business student?	lt	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has a CEO (the nucleus), workers (the cytoplasm), and a product (the proteins it produces).	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to a business student?	lt	business	1
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold a small amount of liquid. This liquid can be a medicine, a vaccine, or a virus.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to a business student?	lt	business	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a company's firewall. It is a barrier that helps to protect the company from outside threats and keep its internal systems and data safe.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to a business student?	lt	business	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as businesses are made up of smaller parts that work together to create a whole, cells are made up of smaller parts that work together to create life. Cells are like the employees of a business. They are responsible for carrying out the basic functions of the cell and keeping the cell alive.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to a business student?	lt	business	1
A cell membrane can be thought of as a company's firewall. It is a barrier that keeps things out or in, depending on what is needed.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to a business student?	lt	business	1
A golgi body is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from other parts of the cell, processes them, and sends them out to other parts of the cell.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to a business student?	lt	business	1
A capacitor is a bit like a water tank. It can store a certain amount of energy, just like a tank can store a certain amount of water. The energy in a capacitor can be used to power things like electric motors or lights.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to a business student?	lt	business	1
Electric current is like the flow of water in a river. Just as the water in a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to a business student?	lt	business	1
A voltage is like the pressure of a water hose. It is the pressure that pushes the water through the hose.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to a business student?	lt	business	1
A business is like a cell. The cell has different parts that specialize in different tasks, and these parts communicate with each other to carry out the cell's functions. The cell's nucleus contains the cell's genetic information, and the cell's cytoplasm contains the cell's proteins and other molecules. The cell's plasma membrane separates the cytoplasm from the environment and allows the cell to interact with its surroundings.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain Kirchhoff's voltage law to a business student is to imagine a business as a series of interconnected electrical circuits. Just as in an electrical circuit, the voltage in a business circuit is the measure of the energy available to do work. The voltage in a business circuit is determined by the sum of the voltages in each individual circuit branch.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to a business student?	lt	business	1
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. The people are all close together at the beginning of the wave, but they spread out as they move through the crowd. The wave moves through the crowd at a constant speed, and the people in the wave stay together.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to a business student?	lt	business	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are like little workers that help make things happen.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to a business student?	lt	business	0
A human active memory system can be best explained as a computer. The human brain is constantly taking in new information and processing it. Just like a computer, the human brain has a hard drive (long-term memory) and a working memory. The human brain also has a processor (thinking) and a keyboard (speaking).	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a business student is the example of a person trying to cross a busy street. The rate-determining step is the step that the person takes when they are in the middle of the street and cars are driving by them on both sides.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a business student?	lt	business	1
Column chromatography is like a funnel. The solvent starts at the top of the column and the sample is added at the bottom. The solvent travels through the column and the sample is separated based on its size and weight. The smaller and lighter molecules travel faster and move higher up in the column. The larger and heavier molecules travel slower and move lower in the column.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student is the example of a bank. A bank is a system in which money is deposited and then loaned out. The bank maintains a balance between the amount of money deposited and the amount of money loaned out. This balance is in a state of dynamic equilibrium.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student?	lt	business	1
A vacuole is like a company's bank account. It is a place where the company can store money for future use.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a business student would be to compare them to a company's shipping department. The shipping department is responsible for getting products from the company's warehouse to the customer. The shipping department is in charge of making sure that the products are packaged correctly and that they get to the customer in a timely manner. The shipping department is also responsible for tracking the products to make sure that they are delivered to the correct address.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a business student?	lt	business	1
A proto-oncogene is like a regular gene, except that it has the potential to become an oncogene. Just as a regular gene can make a protein that is essential to the functioning of a cell, a proto-oncogene can make a protein that can promote the growth and survival of cancer cells.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to a business student is to think of them as "cancer genes." Oncogenes are genes that can cause cancer when they are mutated or expressed at high levels. They are similar to business genes in that they can cause a lot of damage if they are not properly regulated.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to a business student?	lt	business	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a security guard in a business. The security guard is responsible for keeping the business safe and secure. If something happens and the security guard is not there, the business is at risk. The tumor suppressor gene is responsible for keeping the cells in the body safe and secure. If something happens and the tumor suppressor gene is not there, the cells are at risk.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain brittle software to a business student is to compare it to a car. Just as a car needs regular tune-ups and oil changes to keep it running smoothly, software needs regular updates and maintenance to keep it running smoothly. If a car isn't maintained, it will eventually break down. The same is true for software. If it isn't maintained, it will eventually break down.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a business student is to think of a company as a molecule. The company has atoms (employees) and electrons (money). The atoms are held together by the electrons (money). When the company is in resonance (working well), the atoms (employees) are in harmony and the electrons (money) are in balance. When the company is out of resonance (not working well), the atoms (employees) are out of harmony and the electrons (money) are out of balance.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a business student?	lt	business	1
A wave mechanical model can be best explained as a ripple effect. When something happens (a pebble is thrown into a pond), the event creates a ripple or wave that travels outward from the center. The wave eventually dissipates as it moves further and further from the original source. This is essentially what happens with a wave mechanical model in a business setting - a small event (like the release of a new product) creates a ripple or wave that travels through the company (or marketplace), affecting everything in its path. The wave eventually dissipates as it moves further and further from the original source.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a business student is to compare it to a heart monitor. Just as a heart monitor can tell a doctor how a patient's heart is doing, an electroencephalogram can tell a doctor how a patient's brain is doing.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a business student?	lt	business	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a business process that produces a new product (DNA molecule) using the original product (DNA molecule) as the template. The new product is an exact copy of the original product, except that the new product may have a different sequence of nucleotides.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to a business student?	lt	business	1
One way to think of transcription is as if the business student is a writer, and the RNA is the paper. The business student is writing down what he or she is thinking, and the RNA is writing down what the cell is thinking.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to a business student?	lt	business	1
A protein translation is a lot like a business. The mRNA is the company, the ribosomes are the employees, and the proteins are the products. The mRNA is responsible for telling the ribosomes what to make, and the ribosomes are responsible for actually making the proteins.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to a business student?	lt	business	1
A business ecosystem is like a rainforest. The rainforest has many different types of plants and animals that all work together to create a balanced and thriving environment. The rainforest also has a number of different layers, each with its own unique set of plants and animals. In the same way, a business ecosystem has many different types of businesses that all work together to create a balanced and thriving environment. The businesses in a business ecosystem also have a number of different layers, each with its own unique set of businesses.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a business student would be to think of the neuron as a telephone line. When you pick up the phone and dial a number, the phone line transmits the sound of your voice to the other person's phone. Similarly, when an action potential travels down a neuron, it transmits the signal to the next neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a business student?	lt	business	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to a business student's breathing mechanism in the sense that they both need oxygen to survive. The frog takes in oxygen through its skin and the business student takes in oxygen through their lungs.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain layered architecture to a business student is the layers of an onion. Just as an onion has many layers, a layered architecture has many layers of functionality as well. Each layer in the architecture serves a specific purpose and works together with the other layers to create a complete system.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student is to think of a company as a factory. The factory has a limited amount of resources that it can use to produce products. The resources are limited by the amount of money the company has to spend and the amount of space the factory has to produce products. The factory can produce more products by using more resources, but it will eventually run out of resources if it keeps producing more products. The factory can also produce more products by using fewer resources, but it will eventually run out of resources if it keeps using fewer resources. The factory can also produce more products by using the same amount of resources, but it will eventually run out of resources if it keeps using the same amount of resources.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student?	lt	business	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a small business. It has a CEO (the nucleus), managers (the organelles), employees (the cytoplasm), and customers (the other cells).	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to a business student?	lt	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple, has a limited number of employees (proteins and RNA), and is responsible for a limited number of tasks (metabolism and replication). Like a small business, a prokaryotic cell is efficient and can survive on its own.	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to a business student?	lt	business	1
A business student might understand an analogy of an operating system kernel as the brain of a company. The kernel is responsible for making decisions that affect the entire company. It controls the flow of information and manages resources. Just as importantly, the kernel is also responsible for security, ensuring that the company's data is protected.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a business student is to think of a business as a factory. The factory has a limited amount of resources that it can use to produce products. The factory can use a certain amount of metal to produce products, a certain amount of plastic to produce products, and a certain amount of labor to produce products. If the factory uses all of its metal to produce products, it will not have any metal left to produce products with plastic. If the factory uses all of its plastic to produce products, it will not have any plastic left to produce products with metal. If the factory uses all of its labor to produce products, it will not have any labor left to produce products with metal or plastic. In the same way, a chemical reaction has a limited amount of reactants. If all of the reactants are used up, the reaction will stop.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a business student?	lt	business	1
A helicase is like a businessperson who is responsible for getting the company's products to their destination. The helicase is responsible for making sure the products (DNA) are packaged correctly and are delivered to the correct location.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain DNA replication binding proteins to a business student would be to say that they are like the glue that holds the company together. They are responsible for making sure that everything is working properly and that the company is running smoothly.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to a business student?	lt	business	1
A ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is like a glue that helps to hold the DNA together.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to a business student?	lt	business	0
A process control block (PCB) is like a traffic controller for a busy intersection. The controller monitors the traffic and makes sure that the intersection flows smoothly. If there is a problem, the controller intervenes to fix it. In the same way, a PCB monitors the process and makes sure that it runs smoothly. If there is a problem, the PCB intervenes to fix it.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain message encoding to a business student is to think of the message as a package that needs to be delivered to a specific destination. The package needs to be wrapped in a way that the destination can understand so that it can be delivered properly.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student would be to compare it to a lock and key. The drug is the key and the receptor site is the lock. The drug fits into the receptor site like a key would fit into a lock, and this is what allows the drug to have its effects on the body.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student?	lt	business	1
A monitor is like a television for a business student. It is a device that displays information.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to a business student?	lt	business	1
A CPU can be thought of as the "brain" of a computer. It is responsible for executing the instructions that tell the computer what to do.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to a business student?	lt	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the key components of a computer, such as the CPU, memory, and ports.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to a business student?	lt	business	1
Ram is to a business as horsepower is to a car. Ram is the measurement of how much work a computer can do at one time. Just as a car needs more horsepower to go faster, a business needs more ram to do more work.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to a business student?	lt	business	1
A power supply unit can be compared to the gas tank in a car. Just as the gas tank supplies fuel to the engine, the power supply unit supplies power to the computer.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to a business student?	lt	business	1
A keyboard can be thought of as a typewriter that is connected to a computer. The keyboard is used to type letters, numbers, and symbols that appear on the computer screen.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to a business student?	lt	business	1
A mouse is like a small, fast car. It can get around quickly and easily, and it's easy to use.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain an audio card to a business student would be to compare it to a sound system in a car. The audio card is the component that processes the sound, and the sound system is the component that outputs the sound.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to a business student?	lt	business	1
A video card can be thought of as a translator between the digital information on a computer and the analog information that is displayed on a monitor.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to a business student?	lt	business	1
A tree's age calculation is like a business's balance sheet. The balance sheet calculates a company's assets (property and money) and subtracts its liabilities (debts and other obligations). The difference is the company's net worth. In the same way, a tree's age calculation calculates the tree's total mass (assets) and subtracts the tree's total losses due to decay (liabilities). The difference is the tree's net growth.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to a business student?	lt	business	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen. It is a good analogy to think of glycolysis as the process of turning sugar into fuel for the body. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, the body needs glucose to function. Glycolysis is the first step in converting glucose into energy.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student is the scattering of light by a diamond. When light shines on a diamond, some of the light is reflected off the surface of the diamond. Some of the light is also scattered by the diamond. The scattered light includes both the reflected light and the light that was scattered by the diamond. The scattered light is scattered in all directions. Some of the scattered light is scattered in the direction of the light that was shining on the diamond. This is called forward scattering. Some of the scattered light is scattered in the opposite direction of the light that was shining on the diamond. This is called backward scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a business student is the scattering of light by a diamond. Just as the diamond scatters light in all directions, so too does the aerosol scatter light in all directions. The difference is that the aerosol is much smaller than the diamond and the light is much smaller than the human eye.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a business student?	lt	business	1
A median lethal dose is the dose of a toxin that kills 50% of the test population. A good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a business student would be to say that it is the dose of a toxin that kills the average person.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a business student?	lt	business	1
A business student might understand the universe if it were explained as a large company. The universe has many different parts (planets, stars, etc.) that all work together to create something larger. Just like a company has different departments (marketing, accounting, etc.) that all work together to create something larger, the universe has many different parts that all work together to create something larger.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to a business student?	lt	business	1
Enzyme mechanism is like a business process. Enzymes are like the employees who carry out the process, while the substrate is the customer. The enzyme and substrate interact to produce the desired product.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to a business student?	lt	business	1
An anova is a statistical test that is used to determine if there is a significant difference between the means of two or more groups. It is similar to a t-test, but can be used when there are more than two groups.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to a business student?	lt	business	1
A thermostat is like a business student's brain. It is constantly monitoring the temperature in the room and making small adjustments to keep things comfortable.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a business student is to think of a business as a system in equilibrium. The business is constantly in a state of flux, with new products and services being created, and others being discontinued. However, the overall business remains stable, with sales and profits fluctuating but overall remaining relatively consistent. In the same way, chemical equilibrium is a state of balance in which the concentrations of reactants and products remain constant.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time to a business student is that it is like a grocery store. The store does not have any food in the back room, but instead has a small amount of food on the shelves. As customers come in and purchase food, the store orders more food to be delivered to the store. The store only has what it needs, when it needs it.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a business student is the immune system of a human body is similar to the security system of a business. The immune system is always working to protect the body from infection or disease. The security system of a business is always working to protect the business from theft or damage.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain Ohm's law to a business student is to think of electricity as water. Just as water flows through a pipe based on the size of the pipe and the water pressure, electricity flows through a wire based on the size of the wire and the voltage.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to a business student?	lt	business	1
Transcription is like taking dictation. The business student would be the person taking the dictation and writing down what the person is saying.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain RNA polymerase to a business student would be to compare it to a secretary. The secretary takes notes during a meeting and then types them up afterwards. RNA polymerase is responsible for reading the genetic code in DNA and then creating a copy of it in RNA.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to a business student?	lt	business	1
A ribosome can be thought of as a business factory. The ribosomes are responsible for reading the instructions in a gene and then assembling the corresponding protein. The proteins produced in the ribosomes are then used by the cell to carry out its functions.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to a business student?	lt	business	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks a door. The activator protein binds to a specific site on the DNA molecule and then helps to open up the door so that the gene can be expressed.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to a business student?	lt	business	1
Electricity is like water in a pipe. The voltage is the water pressure, and the current is the amount of water flowing through the pipe.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a business student is to imagine that water is oil and vice versa. Just as oil and water do not mix, water and hydrophobic molecules do not mix. This is because water is polar and hydrophobic molecules are nonpolar.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a business student?	lt	business	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a business student would be to compare it to a company's stock market. Just as a company's stock price rises and falls based on how the market perceives its stock, a cell's signal transduction pathway is altered by the presence (or absence) of certain molecules. These molecules can be thought of as the company's stock, and the pathway is the market in which the stock is traded.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a business student?	lt	business	1
Nadh is a good analogy to explain to a business student because it is the energy currency of the cell. Just as businesses need money to operate, cells need nadh to produce energy.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain nadh to a business student would be that it is the "fuel" of the body's cells. Just as gasoline is necessary for a car to run, nadh is necessary for the body's cells to function.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain nadh to a business student is that it is like the gasoline in a car. The car will not run without it and it needs to be replenished occasionally. In the same way, our bodies need nadh to function properly and we need to eat foods that contain it or take supplements to keep levels up.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to a business student?	ht	business	1
A protein is like a car. It has many different parts that all work together to create a functioning whole. The engine, the body, the windows, and the tires are all important for making the car run properly. Similarly, different proteins have different parts that all work together to create a functioning molecule. The backbone of the protein, the side chains, and the functional groups are all important for creating a protein that can perform its desired task.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to a business student?	ht	business	1
A protein is like a tool in a tool box. Each tool has its own specific function, just as each protein has its own specific function. The tools in the box are useless if they are not put together in the right way, and proteins are useless if they are not put together in the right way.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to a business student?	ht	business	1
A protein is like a construction worker. It helps to build and maintain the body's cells.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to a business student?	ht	business	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. It contains all of the instructions necessary to create the cake. The recipe can be used over and over again to create multiple cakes.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain DNA to a business student is that it can be thought of as the company's "blueprint." Just as a blueprint contains all the information necessary to construct a building, DNA contains all the information necessary to create and sustain a living organism.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to a business student?	ht	business	1
A strand of DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The ingredients (amino acids) and the steps are all spelled out, and by following the instructions you can make a delicious cake.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to explain glycogen to a business student is that it can be thought of as the "fuel tank" for muscles. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, muscles need glycogen to function properly. Another analogy is that glycogen can be thought of as money in the bank. It is something that can be drawn on when needed, but if there isn't enough saved up, then the muscle won't be able to work properly.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to a business student?	ht	business	1
One way to think of glycogen is as "the fuel tank" for the body's muscles. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, the body's muscles need glycogen. When you eat food, your body breaks down the carbohydrates in that food into glucose (a type of sugar). The glucose is then transported into the cells of the body, where it is used for energy. Glucose can also be stored in the liver and muscles in a form called glycogen. Glycogen acts as a reserve source of energy; when blood sugar levels start to decline, glycogen gets converted back into glucose and released into the bloodstream. This keeps blood sugar levels stable and provides energy for both the brain and muscles.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain glycogen to a business student would be to compare it to a company's cash reserves. Just as businesses need a stockpile of cash on hand in order to meet their obligations, athletes need glycogen stored in their muscles in order to maintain energy levels during exercise. Like a company's cash reserves, glycogen can be used for both short-term and long-term purposes. It can provide quick energy when needed (just like cash) or it can be drawn upon slowly over time as needed (similar to how a company might use its line of credit).	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to a business student?	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is a lot like the mailroom in a business. The endoplasmic reticulum receives and processes requests (in the form of proteins) from all over the cell, just as the mailroom receives and processes all the different kinds of mail that come into a business. The endoplasmic reticulum then sends out processed requests to other parts of the cell, just as the mailroom sends out processed mail to other departments in a company.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to a business student?	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is a good analogy to explain to a business student because it functions as an assembly line in the cell. The endoplasmic reticulum can be compared to a factory where raw materials are processed into finished products.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to a business student?	ht	business	1
Endoplasmic Reticulum is a lot like the mail room in a business. It's responsible for getting all the important information (in this case, proteins) to where they need to go.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to a business student?	ht	business	1
Golgi is like the post office in a business. It takes orders (incoming emails) and sends them to the right places (departments).	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to a business student?	ht	business	1
The Golgi Apparatus is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, processes them, and sends them off to their destinations.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to a business student?	ht	business	1
The golgi apparatus is a lot like the post office. It receives packages (delivered proteins) from different parts of the cell and sorts them into appropriate destinations (either to be stored or sent out again as part of a new protein).	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to a business student?	ht	business	1
A plasma membrane can be described as a company's board of directors. The board is responsible for making decisions that will affect the company, while the employees carry out these decisions.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to a business student?	ht	business	1
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board determines what the company will do and how it will operate. Similarly, the plasma membrane controls what goes into and out of cells.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain plasma membrane to a business student would be to say that it is like the walls of a company. The plasma membrane separates the inside of the cell from the outside and controls what enters and leaves the cell. Just as a company has rules about who can come in and out, the plasma membrane regulates what substances enter or leave cells.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to a business student?	ht	business	1
A lysosome is like a garbage disposal in your kitchen. It's a small organelle that breaks down waste and recycles materials.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to a business student?	ht	business	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the "garbage disposal" cells in the body. They break down old or damaged cell parts, and recycle their components. This is similar to how a business might recycle materials that are no longer needed, such as paper, plastic, or metal.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to a business student?	ht	business	1
A lysosome is like a trash can inside of a cell. It breaks down old or damaged cells parts, and recycles them into new molecules that the cell can use.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to peroxisomes in business is that they are like the "quality control" department of a company. They work to make sure that all products and processes meet certain standards, and they also work to eliminate any defects or problems.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to a business student?	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes are like the quality control department of a business. They make sure that all the products coming off the assembly line meet certain standards. If something is not up to par, they will either fix it or get rid of it.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to a business student?	ht	business	1
Peroxisomes are small organelles that look like bubbles or small vesicles. They contain enzymes that break down hydrogen peroxide into water and oxygen. This process is called oxidation. Peroxisomes are found in all cells, but are especially abundant in liver and kidney cells.A good analogy to explain peroxisomes to a business student would be to compare them to the waste management system of a city. The peroxisomes would be responsible for breaking down harmful chemicals (like hydrogen peroxide) into harmless byproducts (water and oxygen). Just like a city needs a well-functioning waste management system to keep things clean and running smoothly, so does a cell need functioning peroxisomes to stay healthy.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A mitochondria can be thought of as the "power plant" of a cell. Just as a power plant converts physical energy into electrical energy that powers our homes and businesses, mitochondria convert the chemical energy stored in food into a form of cellular energy that all cells need to survive and function.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to a business student?	ht	business	1
A mitochondria can be viewed as the "heart" of a business. Just as the heart circulates blood to all parts of the body, mitochondria supply energy to all parts of a cell. In addition, both the heart and mitochondria are essential for life.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to a business student?	ht	business	1
A mitochondria can be thought of as the "power plant" of a cell. Just as a power plant supplies energy to a city, mitochondria supply energy to cells.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to a business student?	ht	business	1
A chloroplast can be thought of as a "mini-factory" inside the cells of plants. Chloroplasts are organelles that contain the green pigment chlorophyll, which is used to convert sunlight into chemical energy that can be used by plants to grow and produce food.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to a business student?	ht	business	1
A chloroplast can be thought of as a city business district. The nucleus is the downtown area, where all the big businesses are located. The mitochondria are the suburbs, and the chloroplasts are like small towns.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to a business student?	ht	business	1
A chloroplast can be described as a business’s accounting system. The chloroplast takes in light energy from the sun and transforms it into chemical energy that is used by the business to produce goods or services. It also keeps track of how much sunlight each part of the business is using so that it can be efficiently managed.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to a business student?	ht	business	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding in a construction site. It provides support to the cells and helps them to stay organized.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to hold everything together and supports the cells as they work.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cytoskeleton can be thought of as the scaffolding that holds a company together. Just like the cytoskeleton provides structure and support to cells, a business needs a strong foundation to remain stable and grow. The cytoskeleton also helps cells move around, which is similar to how businesses need to be flexible and adaptable in order to succeed.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy for ATP to a business student would be the fuel that powers a car. Just as gasoline is needed to make the car run, ATP is needed by the cells in order to carry out their functions.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to a business student?	ht	business	1
An analogy to explain ATP to a business student would be that ATP is the "money" of the cell. It is used to power all cellular processes and is essential for life. Just as businesses need money to operate, cells need ATP to survive.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain ATP to a business student is as follows:The body's energy currency is called adenosine triphosphate, or ATP. Just like money in the bank, ATP can be withdrawn (spent) when needed for energy. For example, when you run a race, your muscles need lots of energy quickly. To provide this energy, your body breaks down glycogen (a type of sugar stored in the muscle) into glucose (another type of sugar), which is then used to make ATP.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain NADPH to a business student is that it is like the gas tank in a car. It provides fuel for the engine, which allows the car to run. In the same way, NADPH provides energy for the cells in our bodies, which allows them to function properly.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to a business student?	ht	business	1
NADPH is to business as gasoline is to cars. NADPH provides the energy that businesses need to run, just like gasoline powers cars.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain NADPH to a business student would be to compare it to gasoline for a car. Just as gas is necessary for the car engine to run, NADPH is necessary for the cell's metabolic processes (including energy production) to function properly.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to a business student?	ht	business	1
A peroxysome is like a small factory in the cell that makes and uses hydrogen peroxide.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to a business student?	ht	business	1
Peroxysomes can be thought of as the "recycling center" of a cell - similar to how a business recycles cans and bottles. Peroxysomes are responsible for breaking down old or damaged proteins and recycling their components back into the cell. This helps keep the cells functioning efficiently and prevents them from becoming overloaded with waste products.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to a business student?	ht	business	1
Peroxysomes are like small factories in the cell. They make things like enzymes and hormones.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to a business student?	ht	business	0
A good analogy to explain mytochondria to a business student would be to compare it to the engine of a car. The mytochondria are responsible for producing energy (like gasoline) for the rest of the cell to use. Just like a car needs an engine in order to run, cells need mytochondria in order to produce energy.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain mytochondria to a business student is by comparing it to the engine of a car. Just as the engine powers the car and makes it run, mytochondria power the cell and make it function.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to a business student?	ht	business	1
The mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouse" of the cell. They are responsible for creating energy (ATP) for the cell to use. This is similar to how a business uses its finances to create products and services. The mitochondria are responsible for producing the energy that allows the cells to function, just as a business' finances allow it to produce products and services.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to a business student?	ht	business	1
Electric forces can be thought of as the force that holds atoms and molecules together. Just like magnets have two poles-north and south-electricity also has two types: positive and negative. Opposite charges attract each other, while like charges repel. This is why your hair stands up when you rub a balloon on your head-the negatively charged electrons in your hair are repelling the positively charged particles on the balloon.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to a business student?	ht	business	1
Electric forces can be best explained by using an analogy to magnets. Just as two magnets will attract or repel each other depending on their polarity, electric charges will do the same. Positive charges will be attracted to negative charges, and vice versa. This force is what allows us to create electric fields and use electricity to power our world.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain electric forces to a business student would be to think of them as magnets. Just like two magnets can attract or repel each other, electric charges can do the same. The closer the charges are together, the stronger the force will be.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to a business student?	ht	business	1
One possible analogy for hydrogen electron orbital to a business student is the idea of a company's organizational chart. Just as each employee has a specific role and responsibility within the company, an electron occupies a particular orbital within the atom. The different types of orbitals (s, p, d, f) can be thought of as analogous to the different departments within a company (marketing, accounting, human resources, etc.).	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a business student?	ht	business	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a company's market share. Just as each orbital can hold a certain number of electrons, a company can control a certain percentage of the market. The higher an electron's orbital, the more important that particular electron is to the atom (and the company).	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a business student?	ht	business	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital is similar to a business student being in school. The business student is in a classroom, learning about what it takes to be successful in the business world. The hydrogen electron is in an orbital, learning about what it takes to be successful in the atomic world.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to a business student would be as follows: The body's immune system is like a company's security team. The immune system is constantly patrolling the body for invaders, such as bacteria and viruses. If an invader is spotted, the immune system will attack and try to destroy it. This is analogous to how a company's security team patrols its premises for intruders and tries to stop them from entering.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain the body's first line of defense in the immune system to a business student would be to compare it to a company's security guard. The security guard is the first line of defense against potential intruders and is responsible for preventing them from entering the premises. In much the same way, white blood cells are the body's first line of defense against bacteria and viruses, and they are responsible for preventing them from entering into tissues and organs.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to explain the body's first line of defense to a business student is that the body is like a company, and the immune system is the security team. The immune system is always on patrol, looking for any signs of danger or infection. If it detects something strange, it will take action to protect the body from harm.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to a business student?	ht	business	1
A macrophage can be thought of as the "SWAT team" of the immune system. They are called in to deal with large and potentially dangerous threats, such as a virus or bacteria. Like a SWAT team, they are highly specialized and can quickly mobilize to address the threat.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to a business student?	ht	business	1
A macrophage can be thought of as the "detective" of the immune system. This cell is responsible for identifying and attacking foreign invaders in the body, such as bacteria or viruses. Macrophages are also essential for wound healing and tissue repair. In business terms, macrophages can be likened to customer service representatives. These individuals are responsible for identifying and addressing customer complaints and needs. They also play a key role in maintaining customer satisfaction and loyalty.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to a business student?	ht	business	1
Macrophages can be thought of as the janitors of the immune system. They are responsible for cleaning up debris and damaged cells. In the business world, macrophages can be thought of as middle managers. They are not at the top of the hierarchy, but they play an important role in keeping things running smoothly.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a business student would be to compare them to the marketing department of a company. The marketing department is responsible for creating and executing plans that will increase sales and grow the company. Similarly, t-helper cells are responsible for orchestrating immune responses that will protect the body from infection or disease.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand t-helper cells if they think of them as the "executives" of the immune system. Just as a company's executives are responsible for making decisions that guide the company, t-helpers are responsible for directing the immune response and helping other cells do their jobs.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to explain t-helper cells to a business student is that they are like the "engineers" of the immune system. Just as engineers design and build bridges and other structures, t-helper cells help orchestrate the body's defenses by activating other immune cells to fight infection.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a business student?	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are like employees in a business. They are responsible for carrying out the directives of the company (the immune system).	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a business student?	ht	business	1
B-lymphocytes are cells in the immune system that help fight infection. They can be thought of as the business students of the immune system - they work hard to learn about new infections and how to best fight them, so they can protect the rest of the body.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a business student would be that they are like the sales department of a company. They are responsible for acquiring new customers (antigens) and expanding the customer base.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a business student?	ht	business	1
They are like the SWAT team of the immune system. They are called in to deal with specific threats, such as cancer cells or viruses.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte can be thought of as a "sniper" that patrols the body, seeking and destroying any cells that are not supposed to be there. In the business world, this analogy might represent a company's security team or internal audit department, whose job is to identify and eliminate any potential threats to the organization.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a business student?	ht	business	1
Cytotoxic t-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "SWAT team" of the immune system. They are called in to deal with any cells that are seen as a threat, such as cancer cells or virus-infected cells. Just like a SWAT team is specially trained and equipped to handle dangerous situations, cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are specifically trained to recognize and destroy harmful cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a business student would be an aggressive salesperson who invades one's personal space. The bacteria are like the salesperson, coming into contact with the person (host) in order to invade and take over.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a business student?	ht	business	1
Invasion of bacterias to a business student is similar to when a company expands into new markets. The bacteria invade and colonize the new area, while the company enters new markets in order to grow their profits.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand the concept of invasion if it is explained in terms of a hostile takeover. When a company is taken over by another company, its assets are usually absorbed and its employees may be laid off or transferred to the new company. In a similar way, when bacteria invade a cell, they can absorb its resources and even replace the cells' DNA with their own.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain action potential to a business student is the flow of electricity through a wire. Just as electricity travels through a wire with ease when it is in an open circuit, action potentials travel quickly and easily along the neuron's membrane when it is in a resting state. When the neuron is activated, however, its voltage-gated sodium channels open, allowing positively charged sodium ions to flood into the cell. This influx of Na+ creates an imbalance of charge across the membrane that eventually causes it to reach threshold. At this point, the voltage-gated potassium channels open and allow negatively charged potassium ions to leave the cell. The combined efflux of K+ and influx of Na+ create an action potential that travels down the axon until it reaches synaptic terminals, where neurotransmitters are released	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain action potentials to business students is the flow of electricity through a house. The electrical current flows through wires, and when it reaches an appliance or light bulb, it provides power that makes the device work. In a similar way, action potentials flow through neurons, providing power (electricity) that allows them to communicate with each other.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain action potential to a business student is the flow of electricity through a wire. Just as electricity flows through a wire when it is turned on, electric signals flow through our bodies when they are activated. This happens when the nerve cells in our body receive a message from another cell.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain the experiment of chromatography to a business student is that it is like separating different types of liquid in a jar using a filter. The different liquids will pass through the filter at different rates, depending on their size and density.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand an analogy of chromatography to market research. Market research is the process of studying consumer behavior, including what products or services people want and how much they are willing to pay for them. Chromatography can be thought of as a way to analyze the different "components" that make up a customer's preferences. This could include things like age, location, income, and gender. By understanding these components, companies can better target their marketing efforts and create products that appeal to more consumers.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to explain the experiment of chromatography to a business student is that it is like separating cream from milk. In chromatography, different substances are separated by their varying rates of movement through a substance. Just as cream moves faster than milk, different compounds in a sample will move at different speeds through the column, allowing them to be separated.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to a business student?	ht	business	1
Stars on the main sequence are like a business that is profitable and growing. The star is using its resources (hydrogen) to create new elements (carbon, oxygen, etc.) and grow in size. Once it has used up all of its hydrogen, it leaves the main sequence and becomes a red giant or supergiant.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a business student?	ht	business	1
A star's life can be thought of as being similar to the lifespan of a human. A newborn baby is full of potential and has not yet accomplished anything, while an elderly person has lived a long and full life. In between these two extremes, there are many years in which the individual accomplishes different things. Analogously, stars follow a pattern where they spend most of their time fusing hydrogen into helium in their core (just like babies), but then they gradually use up their fuel and enter into old age (analogous to elderly people).	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a business student?	ht	business	1
A star's lifetime can be thought of as the length of time it spends in its main sequence stage. The main sequence is the longest and most stable phase of a star's life, so thinking about a star's lifetime in terms of how long it spends in this phase is a good way to understand it. For example, imagine that you are a business student who has just started your own company. You may expect your company to stay in its main sequence stage for many years, during which time it will be relatively stable and grow steadily. However, eventually your company will move out of its main sequence stage and into another phase, which may be less stable and growth may not continue at the same rate.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a business student?	ht	business	1
A nucleus is like a company's CEO. The CEO is the most important person in the company and makes all of the important decisions. They are in charge of everything that goes on within the company. Similarly, the nucleus controls all aspects of the cell and its activities.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to a business student?	ht	business	1
Nucleus is the CEO of a company. He makes all the important decisions and oversees everything that goes on in the company. He is the most important part of the company and without him, it would not run smoothly.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to a business student?	ht	business	1
A nucleus can be thought of as the CEO or president of a company. This individual is responsible for making decisions that will affect the entire organization. They are also in charge of directing and organizing the company's activities.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to a business student?	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. The DNA is the blueprint for the product and the ribosomes are the machines that actually make it.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to a business student?	ht	business	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. The DNA is like the blueprint for the machines, and the ribosomes read that blueprint and build the machines according to its instructions.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A ribosome is like a factory that manufactures products. The products are made up of small parts, called amino acids. The ribosomes read instructions on how to put the amino acids together, just like a business reads instructions for assembling a product.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to a business student would be comparing it to the postal service. The golgi apparatus is responsible for packaging and shipping the proteins that are produced by the ribosomes. Just as the postal service is responsible for getting mail from one place to another, the golgi apparatus is responsible for getting proteins where they need to go within the cell.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to a business student?	ht	business	1
The Golgi apparatus is like the post office in a business. The post office receives and sorts mail, then distributes it to the different departments within the company. In the same way, the Golgi apparatus receives and sorts proteins, then distributes them to the different parts of a cell.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain the golgi apparatus to a business student would be to say that it is like a shipping and receiving department. The golgi apparatus receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and sends them on their way to other parts of the cell.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain lysosomes to a business student would be to compare them to the trash compactor in a kitchen. Lysosomes are responsible for breaking down and digesting cellular debris, just as the trash compactor breaks down waste in the kitchen. Just as it is important for a kitchen to have a working trash compactor, it is important for cells to have functioning lysosomes.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand lysosomes if they were likened to the company’s break room. Lysosomes are like the break room because they are a place where the company’s employees can go to take a break from their work and relax. Similarly, lysosomes are a place where cells can go to relax and rejuvenate themselves.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to a business student?	ht	business	1
Just as a company's employees are responsible for completing various tasks in order to keep the business running smoothly, lysosomes are responsible for completing various tasks in order to keep the cell running smoothly. Lysosomes break down proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids that are no longer needed by the cell; they also help recycle old or damaged cellular components. In much the same way that a company would struggle if its employees were not able to complete their necessary tasks, a cell would struggle if its lysosomes were not able to do their job.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to a business student would be the human skin. The nuclear envelope is like the skin that covers and protects the nucleus of the cell, just as our skin protects our internal organs from damage.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to a business student?	ht	business	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board is responsible for making important decisions that affect the company, while the employees carry out those decisions. In the same way, the nuclear envelope oversees and regulates the activities inside cells, while enzymes and other proteins carry out its directives.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to a business student?	ht	business	1
A nuclear envelope can be thought of as the company’s board of directors. The board is responsible for making decisions that will affect the entire company, while the workers carry out those decisions. In a similar way, the nuclear envelope surrounds and protects the genetic material within cells. It helps to regulate what enters and leaves the nucleus, ensuring that only authorized information is passed on to future generations.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to a business student?	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage closet in your house. It's a small room where you can store things until you need them. In the same way, vacuoles are small rooms inside of cells where things can be stored until they're needed.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain vacuoles to a business student would be that they are like the 'pockets' of a wallet. Just as you can store items in your pockets, such as money and cards, vacuoles can store things inside of them, such as water and proteins.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain vacuoles to a business student is as if they are the company's bank account. Vacuoles store nutrients, water, and minerals for the cell. Just like a bank account stores money for a person or company, vacuoles store nourishment for the cells.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand cytoplasm if it is described as the "lifeblood" of a company. The cytoplasm is the substance that surrounds and supports the nucleus of a cell, just as the company's employees support and surround the company's leaders. Just as cells need cytoplasm to survive, companies need employees to carry out their work and keep them running smoothly.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a business student?	ht	business	1
One possible analogy for cytoplasm to a business student would be to liken it to the "human resources" department of a company. Just as this department is responsible for managing and overseeing the people who work in the company, so too does the cytoplasm manage and oversee all of the cellular components that make up a cell. Additionally, just as human resources oversees things like payroll, benefits, and employee training, so too does the cytoplasm coordinate essential cellular processes such as protein synthesis and energy production.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cytoplasm analogy for a business student would be to think of it as the "workers" inside the company. The cytoplasm is responsible for all of the essential functions within the cell - from protein production and energy generation, to cell division and movement. In the same way, employees are responsible for carrying out essential functions within a company (such as producing goods or services, marketing and selling products, etc.).	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a business student?	ht	business	1
A chromosome can be thought of as the blueprints for a house. The chromosomes contain all of the information necessary to build a human being.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to a business student?	ht	business	1
Chromosomes are like the blueprints of a business. They contain all of the information needed to build, run and maintain the business.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to a business student?	ht	business	1
A chromosome is like a file cabinet in a business. The chromosomes are where the genetic information is stored.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cytosol is like a company's sales department. The cytosol is responsible for bringing in new customers (proteins) and helping to keep the old ones happy (by providing them with what they need).	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to a business student?	ht	business	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the "office space" or "working area" of a cell. It is where most of the biochemical reactions that allow the cell to function take place. Just as in an office building, there is plenty of room for workers to move around and do their jobs, so too does the cytosol have plenty of room for enzymes and other proteins to carry out their cellular functions.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cytosolic analogy for a business student would be to think of the cytosol as the "office." The organelles are like the employees, and they all have specific jobs that they do in order to keep the cell running.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has workers (proteins), a boss (the nucleus), and it produces something that people want to buy (products like DNA, hormones, and enzymes).	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has workers (proteins) who carry out specific tasks (enzymes) to keep the cell running. The cell also has a boss (the nucleus), and it needs energy to survive just like any other business.	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cell is like a small business. It has workers (proteins), a manager (the nucleus), and customers (other cells).	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold different things. It can be filled with water, oil, or any other liquid. The vesicle will keep the contents inside until it breaks open.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to a business student?	ht	business	1
A vesicle is like a container ship. The ship carries cargo (vesicles) in its hold and delivers them to their destination.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to a business student?	ht	business	1
A vesicle is a small, spherical sac that can be found in the cytoplasm of cells. It is used to store and transport molecules within the cell. Vesicles are similar to business students in that they are both small and able to hold important materials inside them.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a company’s firewall. It is a layer of protection that keeps out unwanted intruders and helps to secure the company’s data. Like a firewall, the cell wall also filters what information enters and leaves the cell.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to a business student?	ht	business	1
The cell wall is a bit like the exterior walls of a home. It is made up of sturdy materials that protect the inside of the house from weather and intruders. In the same way, the cell wall protects the contents of cells from damage and foreign invaders.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain cell wall to a business student would be to think of the cell wall as a firewall. The firewall is what protects your computer from external threats and keeps your information safe. In the same way, the cell wall protects the cells from outside threats and keeps the cellular contents safe.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to a business student?	ht	business	1
Cells are the basic structural and functional units of life. They are like the cells in a human body, which work together to make up tissues, organs, and systems. Tissues make up organs, which work together to make up a whole body. Similarly, businesses have individual parts (workers), which come together to create a functioning organization.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to a business student?	ht	business	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as businesses are made up of smaller units, cells are made up of even smaller parts called organelles. Cells produce energy, store information, and allow organisms to grow and reproduce.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to a business student?	ht	business	1
One way to think of cells is as the building blocks of business organizations. Just as a company is made up of many individual cells (employees), each cell within a company has a specific job to do in order for the organization to function smoothly. Cells must be able to communicate with one another in order to cooperate and achieve common goals.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand a cell membrane analogy if it is explained as follows: the cell membrane can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for making decisions that affect the company, and they also make sure that the company is operating in accordance with the law. Similarly, the cell membrane controls what goes into and out of the cell, and it also makes sure that the cells are functioning properly within their environment.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain cell membrane to a business student would be to compare it to the walls of a building. The cell membrane is responsible for keeping the contents of the cell inside while also allowing things like nutrients and oxygen to enter. Just like how the walls of a building protect those inside, the cell membrane protects what's inside the cell.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to a business student?	ht	business	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a company’s firewall. It is the first line of defense against outside threats and it helps to protect the company’s internal systems. Just as importantly, the firewall also allows authorized access to certain parts of the company network while keeping other areas off-limits. In much the same way, the cell membrane controls what goes in and out of cells, allowing only specific substances to pass through while keeping others out.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to a business student?	ht	business	1
Golgi bodies can be thought of as the "mailroom" of a business. They are responsible for sorting and packaging the products that are produced by the company.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to a business student?	ht	business	1
A golgi body is like a post office in the body. It receives packages (nerves) from all over the body, processes them and sends them off to their final destination.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to a business student?	ht	business	1
A Golgi body is a lot like the United States Postal Service. It takes packages (products) from one place and sends them to another. The Golgi body receives products from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and then ships them off to other parts of the cell or outside of the cell.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to capacitance is the number of people in a room. The more people in the room, the greater the amount of capacitance. Just as with people, adding capacitors (items that store electrical charge) to a circuit will increase the overall capacitance.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to a business student?	ht	business	1
A capacitor is like a container of water. The more water that is in the container, the more weight it has. A capacitor stores electricity like a container of water stores weight.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to a business student?	ht	business	1
Capacitance can be thought of as the ability to store electrical energy. An analogy to help explain capacitance in business terms would be to think of it as a company's savings account. The more money a company deposits into its savings account, the more money it will have available when it needs it. In the same way, the more electrical energy is stored in a capacitor, the more power it will have available when it is needed.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to a business student?	ht	business	1
Electric current is like the flow of water in a river. Just as the amount of water flowing through a river depends on the width of the river and its depth, so too does the amount of electric current depend on the width (cross-sectional area) of the conductor and its electrical resistance.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to a business student?	ht	business	1
Electric current is like water flowing through a hose. Just as the water flow can be controlled by turning the faucet on and off, electric current can be controlled with a switch.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to a business student?	ht	business	1
Electric current is a lot like the flow of water in a river. Just as the amount of water in a river can vary depending on how much it has rained recently, the strength of an electric current (measured in amps) can also change. Just as rivers have dams to control the flow of water, so too do electrical circuits have devices called resistors to control the amount of current that flows through them.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to a business student?	ht	business	1
One possible analogy to explain voltage to a business student is as follows: Voltage can be thought of as the "pressure" behind an electric current. Just as water pressure (in pounds per square inch) can create different levels of water flow through a hose, voltage (measured in volts) creates different levels of electric current through a wire.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to a business student?	ht	business	1
A voltage is like a water pressure. Just as the higher water pressure can push more water through a pipe than a lower water pressure, a higher voltage can push more electricity through an electric wire than a lower voltage.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to a business student?	ht	business	1
The voltage is like the water pressure in a city. Just as the water pressure needs to be high enough for the water to flow through the pipes, the voltage needs to be high enough for electricity to flow through the wires.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cell can be thought of as a business. The nucleus is the boss, and the cytoplasm is the office staff. The mitochondria are the factory workers, and the chloroplasts are the salespeople. Each part of the cell specializes in doing one job and communicates with other parts of the cell to carry out its duties.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business can be thought of as a cell. The different parts of the business (marketing, accounting, human resources) can be thought of as the specialized cells that work together to keep the business running. Just like in a cell, communication is key for these parts of the business to function properly.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A company is like a cell. The different parts of the company specialize in doing certain things (marketing, accounting, manufacturing) and they need to communicate with each other in order to make the company work as a whole.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain Kirchoff's voltage law to a business student would be to imagine the flow of electricity through a company as if it were water flowing through a system of pipes. Just as the water pressure in each pipe is determined by how much water is flowing into and out of that pipe, the electrical voltage in each wire is determined by how much current (electricity) is flowing into and out of that wire.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain Kirchoff's voltage law to a business student is as follows: imagine you are at the top of a skyscraper and looking down at all the streets and buildings. You can see how the voltage (electrical potential energy) in each street changes as you move down it. In some streets, there is more voltage near the top than near the bottom, while in others, there is more voltage near the bottom. If you know how much voltage there is at each point in a given street, you can mathematically calculate what the total voltage must be along that entire street. This is analogous to Kirchoff's Voltage Law, which states that the sum of voltages around any closed circuit must be zero.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain Kirchhoff's voltage law to a business student would be to imagine the flow of electricity through a company as water flowing through a complex network of pipes. Just as the flow of water can be regulated by valves and other devices, so too can the flow of electricity be controlled by switches and circuit breakers. The voltage in any given part of the electrical system is determined by the sum total of all the voltages acting on that point.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to a business student?	ht	business	1
A density wave is similar to a convoy of cars on a highway. The cars are all traveling together at the same speed and in the same direction.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to a business student?	ht	business	1
A density wave is similar to a traffic jam. The further you get from the city, the less cars there are on the road. This is because as you get further away from the city, there is more open space for cars to drive. In a density wave, it is similarly harder to move towards the center of the wave.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to a business student?	ht	business	1
A density wave is similar to a crowd of people at a busy sidewalk. The people are close together at the beginning of the wave, and they get further apart as the wave moves down the sidewalk.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to a business student?	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like workers in a factory. They do the work of turning raw materials into finished products. Enzymes help to speed up chemical reactions in the body, and they can be found in all living things.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to a business student?	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen inside cells. Enzymes can be compared to business tools such as computers, fax machines, and printers because they both assist with making things run more smoothly.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to a business student?	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like little machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are like a car engine that helps the car move.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A human active memory system can be compared to a computer's random access memory (RAM). Just as a computer's RAM is used to temporarily store data that is being processed by the CPU, the human brain uses its active memory system to temporarily store information that is being accessed and used.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to a business student?	ht	business	1
The human active memory system is like a computer's Random Access Memory (RAM). Our brains can store a limited amount of information for short-term use, and we can access this information quickly. Just as a computer needs RAM to run programs, our brains need active memory to think and learn. We use our long-term memory to store information for future reference.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to a business student?	ht	business	1
A human active memory system can be thought of as a computer. The RAM (random access memory) is like the short-term memory, and the hard drive is like the long-term memory. When you are working on a project, you might have some information in your short-term memory that you need to keep track of. You can also store information on your hard drive for future use.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to a business student?	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a chemical reaction. It can be thought of as the bottleneck in a process, because it limits how fast the reaction can proceed. In a business context, this might be analogous to the speed at which new products can be brought to market or customer orders can be filled. The rate-determining step is something that needs to be improved if faster turnaround times are desired.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a business student?	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is similar to the bottleneck in a business. The bottleneck is the part of the business that limits how fast it can produce products. In the same way, the rate-determining step determines how quickly a reaction can happen.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a business student?	ht	business	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction can be thought of as the bottleneck in a production line. Just as the speed of the slowest worker on an assembly line determines how quickly products can be made, the rate-determining step of a reaction controls how fast it happens. If you want to speed up production, you need to find ways to make the bottleneck go faster.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a business student?	ht	business	1
Column chromatography is a process that businesses use to purify and separate compounds. It can be thought of as a business version of the milk separator used on dairy farms. Just as milk is separated into cream and skim milk, different compounds can be separated using column chromatography. The process works by passing a mixture of compounds through a column filled with a packing material. Different compounds move through the column at different speeds, allowing them to be separated from one another.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to column chromatography is the process of making coffee. The coffee beans are placed in a chamber at the bottom of the machine, and hot water is pumped through them. The pressure of the water forces the soluble compounds (coffee flavorings) out of the beans and into the water, which is then pumped up to a tank where it is stored until someone orders a cup. In a similar way, solutes (compounds that dissolve in a solvent) can be separated using chromatography by pumping a solvent through a column containing an adsorbent material. Solutes that are more attracted to the adsorbent will move more quickly than those that are less attracted, allowing them to be separated from one another.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to a business student?	ht	business	1
Column chromatography is like a funnel. The smaller particles go through the hole at the top and the bigger particles stay on top.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business analogy to dynamic chemical equilibrium would be the stock market. In both cases, there is a balance between buyers and sellers (or reactants and products) that leads to stability. In the stock market, this might mean that the prices of stocks remain relatively stable over time. Chemical equilibrium in a reaction means that the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal, so no net change occurs in the concentration of any species involved in the reaction.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student is the example of a coffee pot. In this analogy, the coffee pot represents the system (in this case, the reaction) and the water in the pot represents the reactants. The coffee grounds represent the products of the reaction. Initially, there is no coffee in the pot and only water is present. When you begin to add coffee grounds to the pot, however, more and more Coffee begins to form until it eventually reaches equilibrium where there is an equal amount of Coffee and Water in the Pot.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student?	ht	business	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a balance scale in that it involves two substances in equal amounts. The difference is that the substances are always changing in chemical equilibrium, whereas a balance scale will stay balanced as long as the weights on either side are equal.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student?	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a storage locker. It can be used to store things that the cell needs, like food or water.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to a business student?	ht	business	1
A vacuole is like a company's bank account. It holds the resources that the company can use to operate.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain vacuole to a business student is the concept of an "empty space" in a company's budget. Just as an empty space can be filled with different things (e.g., furniture, equipment, employees), vacuoles can be filled with different materials (e.g., water, salts, proteins).	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a business student would be to think of them as the "delivery trucks" of the cell. Just like a truck delivers packages from a company to customers' homes, transport vesicles deliver proteins and other materials between different parts of the cell.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a business student would be that they are like the post office. They carry packages (molecules) from one location to another.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand transport vesicles if they think of them as delivery trucks. The cells produce these little trucks to carry goods (proteins) from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a business student is that they are like the "sales department" of a company. Just as salespeople generate new business and bring in revenue, proto-oncogenes promote cell growth and division (which is necessary for tissue development and repair). However, when something goes wrong and these genes become mutated, they can cause cells to grow out of control, leading to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A proto-oncogene is like a regular gene, except it has the potential to become an oncogene. Just as a regular gene can be used by a business to make products or provide services, a proto-oncogene can be used by a cancer cell to grow and divide uncontrollably.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A proto-oncogene is like a regular gene, but it has the potential to become an oncogene. Just as any other gene, a proto-oncogene can be passed down from parents to children. However, if something happens that causes the proto-oncogene to become active—such as a mutation or exposure to carcinogens—it can start causing cancer cells to form.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a business student?	ht	business	1
Oncogenes are like a virus that can cause cancer. They are genes that have the potential to turn normal cells into cancer cells.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to a business student would be to compare them to the stock market. Oncogenes are like stocks that are bought and sold by investors. When these genes are mutated, they can become "oncogenic," or cancer-causing. Just as the stock market can go up or down, oncogenes can either promote or inhibit tumor growth.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to a business student?	ht	business	1
One way to think of oncogenes is as the business equivalent of a “unicorn”—a startup company that has achieved an extremely high valuation, typically because it is in a very fast-growing market. Oncogenes are genes that have been identified as being responsible for cancerous growth. Like unicorns, oncogenes are relatively rare; only about one in 10,000 genes are thought to be oncogenes. But they can have a huge impact when they are active. Just as a unicorn startup can quickly become worth billions of dollars, an oncogene can cause tumors to grow at an alarming rate, leading to potentially deadly cancers.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a policeman in the city. The policeman's job is to keep order and to arrest criminals. If there were no policemen in the city, then the criminals would run wild and chaos would ensue. In much the same way, tumor suppressor genes are responsible for preventing cancer from occurring by arresting any abnormal cells that may try to form a tumor.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to a business student is the story of the two mice. There are two mice, one who always eats healthy and exercises, and one who eats junk food and doesn't exercise. The healthy mouse has a lot of energy and is very active, while the junk-food mouse is overweight and sluggish. Now imagine these two mice as cells in your body. The healthy cell would be like the healthy mouse, while the unhealthy cell would be like the junk-food mouse. Tumor suppressor genes are like the referee between these two cells. They make sure that unhealthy cells don't grow out of control and turn into tumors.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A tumor suppressor gene analogy to a business student would be that the gene is like a quality control inspector for a factory. The job of the gene is to make sure that any tumors (abnormal growths) do not form in the body. If there are any problems with the quality of the cells, then the tumor suppressor gene will activate and work to fix them.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain brittle software to a business student would be like comparing it to a car. Cars have many parts that need to work together in order for the car to run smoothly. If one part of the car is not working correctly, it can cause problems for the entire car. Software is similar in that it has many different parts (modules, applications, etc.) that need to work together in order for the software to run smoothly. If one part of the software is not working correctly, it can cause problems for the entire software.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain brittle software to a business student is the breaking of a pencil. The more you use it, the more likely it is to break. Software can be seen as being similar in that the more it is used, the more likely it is to have errors and defects.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain brittle software to a business student is the breaking of a pencil lead. Once the lead has been broken, it can't be fixed and is no longer usable. This is similar to how brittle software breaks easily and can't be repaired once it's damaged.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a business student is two people shaking hands. The people are like the atoms in a molecule and their hands are like the orbitals. When they shake, energy is transferred from one person to the other. This is similar to how electrons move between orbitals in a molecule when it absorbs or emits energy.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid is two people pushing on a playground swing. Each person provides an individual force, but the combined effect of both forces is what makes the swing move. In the same way, the combination of electron orbitals in a resonance hybrid creates a new orbital that has more energy than any of the contributing orbitals.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a business student is two people shaking hands. The first person is the electron and the second person is the proton. When they shake hands, they create a new entity, which is the resonance hybrid.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to a business student is the example of people in a stadium cheering. The sound waves created by the individual voices create an overall effect that can be seen and felt.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to a business student?	ht	business	1
A wave mechanical model can be described as a ripple effect. When something happens (a pebble is thrown into a pond), the event creates a disturbance that travels outward in all directions. The further the object is from the center of the impact, the weaker the wave becomes. This analogy can help business students understand how events or decisions made by top management can create ripples throughout an organization, affecting lower-level employees and ultimately impacting company performance.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to a business student?	ht	business	1
A wave mechanical model can be analogy to explain by using an example of a large group of people. If the group is stationary, it would be like a single wave moving through them. However, if the group begins to move, the waves will start to form as people move away from and towards one another.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain electroencephalogram (EEG) to a business student is that it is like an MRI for the brain. Just as an MRI can provide information about what is going on inside of someone's body, EEG can provide information about what is going on inside of someone's brain.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy for an EEG to a business student would be to compare it to a company’s balance sheet. The EEG is like the balance sheet because it shows the sum of all the electrical activity in your brain at any given time. Just as a company’s balance sheet can tell you how much money they have and where it is invested, an EEG can tell you what kind of activity is going on in different parts of your brain and how intense it is.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a business student is that it is like an MRI for the brain. It allows doctors to see how the brain is functioning and can help them diagnose problems.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a business student?	ht	business	1
One possible analogy for DNA replication to a business student is the copying of files on a computer. Just as each file on a computer has its own unique identifier (e.g., filename and extension), so too does each segment of DNA have its own specific sequence of nucleotides. In both cases, if even a single letter in the identifier is changed, the copied file will be corrupted and may not open properly.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to a business student?	ht	business	1
Dna replication can be compared to a company that manufactures products. The dna molecule is like the blueprints for the product, and the proteins are like the workers who assemble the product according to the blueprints.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain DNA replication to a business student would be to say that it is similar to a photocopy machine. The original document (DNA) is placed on the glass plate and the copy machine makes an exact replica of it.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to a business student?	ht	business	1
Transcription of RNA is a bit like making copies of a document. The original document is the DNA, and the copies are the RNA. Just as with any copy machine, there can be mistakes made when copying the DNA, which results in slightly different versions of the RNA.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to a business student?	ht	business	1
Just as a business needs to produce goods in order to sell them and make a profit, the cell produces rna (molecules that carry instructions for making proteins) to create new proteins. The process of producing rna is called transcription. Just as a business might need machines to help it manufacture its products, the cell has specialized machinery called "transcription factors" that helps it transcribe rna from DNA.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to a business student?	ht	business	1
RNA transcription is a bit like copying and pasting text on a computer. The genetic information in DNA is copied, or transcribed, into RNA molecules. These RNA molecules then carry the instructions for building proteins out to the rest of the cell.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to explain protein translation to a business student is that it is like a factory. The genetic code (the instructions for building the protein) is like the blueprint, and the ribosomes are like the workers who put together the parts according to the instructions.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to a business student?	ht	business	1
A protein translation is similar to a business meeting. The mRNA is the agenda for the meeting, the tRNA are the attendees and the ribosomes are the secretaries taking notes.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain protein translation is to compare it to a business. In both cases, there are different people or entities involved in the process, and each one has a specific role. The translator (the person who converts the written text into another language) is like the ribosomes in the cell, which read and translate the genetic code into proteins. The author or source of the text is like the DNA, which provides instructions for creating proteins. The editor proofreads and makes corrections to the text is like chaperones within cells, which help ensure that proteins are properly folded and assembled. just as businesses need money to operate, cells need RNA and ribosomes to create proteins	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to a business student?	ht	business	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a "business." The different parts of the ecosystem (e.g., producers, consumers, decomposers) interact with each other to create an environment in which life can flourish. In the business world, there are also different parts that interact with each other to create an environment in which success can flourish. For example, a company's customers are its producers (they provide money for the company to operate), and the employees are the consumers (they use the products and services produced by the company). The suppliers and distributors are like the decomposers (they help keep everything running smoothly by providing necessary materials or passing along information).	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business ecosystem could be thought of as a group of businesses that work together to create and deliver a product or service. The businesses in the ecosystem might include companies that produce components or materials for the final product, companies that distribute the product, and companies that sell the product.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to a business student?	ht	business	1
An ecosystem is like a business. The different parts of the ecosystem (plants, animals, soil) all work together to create an environment in which life can thrive. Similarly, a business is made up of different parts (workers, managers, customers) that all work together to create an environment in which profits can be generated.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student may be familiar with the concept of a chain reaction. This analogy can be used to explain the propagation of an action potential down a neuron. Consider each neuron in the chain as a link in a metal chain. When one link is struck, it sends vibrations down the entire chain. In much the same way, when an action potential travels down a neuron, it causes tiny electrical shocks (vibrations) that travel along the length of the axon.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a business student?	ht	business	1
A neuron is like a business. The action potential (the message) is the email, and the dendrite is the person receiving it. The soma is like the office where the email is created, and the axon is like the mail room.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to understand how an action potential travels down a neuron can be explained using the example of a crowd of people waiting to get through a door. The people are like the nerve cells and each person has an action potential. As people begin to push forward, the action potentials start traveling from person to person until the entire crowd is pushing forward as one.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a business student?	ht	business	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to how a car works. The frog has an engine (heart) that pumps the air in and out of its lungs. It also has a gas tank (the stomach) that stores the air until the frog needs it.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a business student?	ht	business	1
Breathing is like the engine in a car. The frog's lungs are like the engine, and the ribs are like the frame of the car. When you take a breath, your lungs fill up with air, just like when you start up your car's engine, it takes in fuel. The difference is that when you breathe out, your car's exhaust goes out of the back of the car, while carbon dioxide from your frog's lungs goes out through its mouth.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a business student?	ht	business	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to the way a car engine works. The frog has two lungs, just like a car has an air filter and an oil filter. The lungs work like the air filter by sucking in fresh air from outside. The oxygen in the air travels through the lungs and into the bloodstream. The blood carries the oxygen throughout the body, including to the muscles. Just like a car needs oil to keep it running smoothly, frogs need something called glycerol phosphate (GPA) to keep their muscles working properly.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a business student?	ht	business	1
A  good analogy to explain layered architecture to a business student is the food chain. The different layers in the food chain represent different levels of abstraction, with each layer responsible for specific functions. The lowest level, which is closest to the physical world, consists of atoms and molecules. Next up is the cellular level, where cells interact with one another to form tissues and organs. Then there are organ systems, such as the respiratory system or digestive system, which consist of multiple organs working together to achieve a common goal. Finally, there are higher-level systems like ecosystems or societies that contain many organ systems. Just like in real life, every layer in a software architecture depends on the layers below it for functionality	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain layered architecture would be an onion. The outside layer is the skin, and it is tough and protects the inner layers. The next layer is the flesh, which is softer than the skin and contains the edible parts of the onion. Next is the heart, which is full of nutrients. Finally, there are the seeds, which are small and contain all of the genetic information for growing a new onion.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain layered architecture to a business student is the organization of a company. The CEO is at the top and is responsible for the overall direction of the company. Beneath them are different layers of management, each with their own specific responsibilities. This same concept can be applied to software development, where different layers of code work together to create a complete application.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to a business student?	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant is like a limited supply of a raw material that a company uses to make its products. The company can only use so much of the raw material before it runs out. An excess reactant is like an extra supply of the raw material that the company can use to make more products.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student?	ht	business	1
If you have a recipe for a cake and want to make two cakes, you need 2 cups of sugar. If you only have 1 cup of sugar, then you can only make one cake. The sugar is the limiting reactant - it limits how many cakes you can make. The eggs are the excess reactant - they are not needed in limited quantities to complete the reaction, but if you have more than 1 cup of eggs then you can make more than one cake.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student is that it is like having too much or too little of something in your inventory. For example, if you have too much flour in your inventory, then you will not be able to sell as many loaves of bread because you will run out of dough (the other ingredient needed to make bread). Alternatively, if you do not have enough flour in your inventory, then you will not be able to make any more loaves of bread until you get more flour. This is similar to what happens when there is a limited amount of a particular reactant - the reaction cannot proceed past a certain point because there is not enough of the reactant available.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student?	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a business. The cell has a nucleus (CEO), chromosomes (employees), and cytoplasm (office space). The DNA in the chromosomes provides instructions for running the cell just as a company's policies and procedures manual dictates how the business should run.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell can be compared to a business. The nucleus is the CEO, the cytoplasm is the workers, and the organelles are the machines.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A eukaryotic cell can be compared to a business. Just like a cell has different parts that work together to keep the business running, a eukaryotic cell has different organelles that work together to keep the cell running. The mitochondria is equivalent to the power plant, supplying energy to the rest of the business; while the ribosomes are comparable to the workers, creating proteins necessary for cellular function. The nucleus acts as both CEO and general manager, organizing and directing everything else that goes on in the cell.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is a lot like a small business. It has a leader (the nucleoid), employees (ribosomes), and it produces things that it needs to survive (proteins, DNA).	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple, with few employees and a limited budget. It can only do a few things, but it does them well.	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of space to work with, and it has to be self-sufficient in order to survive.	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand an operating system kernel as the foundation of a company, similar to the way the kernel is the foundation of an operating system. The kernel handles all basic operations and provides essential services for other parts of the system to use. In a business, the CEO would be like the kernel, handling all essential operations and providing essential services for other parts of the company to use.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to a business student?	ht	business	1
An operating system kernel can be thought of as the “brain” of a computer. Just as the brain controls all the functions of the human body, the kernel controls all the functions of a computer. It manages memory, handles input and output requests, starts programs, and oversees all other operations on the system. In business terms, you could think of it as being responsible for managing everything that happens on a company’s computers – from processing payroll to tracking inventory to handling customer orders.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to a business student?	ht	business	1
A kernel is like the engine of a car. It's what makes the car run. The operating system kernel controls all of the basic functions of the computer, such as input and output, memory management, and process management.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to a business student?	ht	business	1
A limiting reactant can be thought of as a scarce resource in a business. Just like a company has to carefully manage its resources, so too must it manage the reactants used in order to produce the desired product. In some cases, one or more of the reactants may become a limiting factor, meaning that not enough is available to produce the desired output. The company would then need to find ways to either increase the availability of that reactant or find an alternative way to produce the desired product.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a business student would be an equation that represents the number of widgets that can be produced by a factory. The number of widgets is limited by the amount of raw materials (i.e., the limiting reactant) available to the factory.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a business student is that it is like having only so much gasoline in your car. You can't go very far if you run out of gas. In the same way, a business can only produce so much with its limited resources.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a business student?	ht	business	1
A helicase is a protein that helps to unzip DNA so that it can be copied. It is like a business student who has to unzip her backpack in order to get out her books and notes.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to a business student?	ht	business	1
Helicase is similar to a taxi driver in that it helps transport something (DNA) from one place to another.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to a business student?	ht	business	1
A helicase is like a postal worker. It is responsible for getting the mail (DNA) to its destination (the nucleus).	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to a business student?	ht	business	1
Protein binding is like when a business person creates a new company. They have an idea, and they put together the best team they can to help them make it a reality. The proteins are responsible for finding and attaching the correct dna sequences during replication, just as the business person assembles the right people to help them start their company.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to a business student?	ht	business	1
In business, a good analogy to explain DNA replication binding proteins would be to think of them as the human resources department. Just as this department is responsible for finding and hiring new employees, the replication binding proteins are responsible for finding and attaching new pieces of DNA to the chromosome.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to a business student?	ht	business	1
A DNA replication binding protein can be thought of as a worker in a factory. The protein's job is to bind to the DNA molecule and help replicate it. Just like any other worker, the protein needs training and instruction on what to do. In this analogy, the instructions come from the boss (the DNA molecule).	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to a business student?	ht	business	1
A ligase can be thought of as a sewing machine for DNA. It helps to stitch together pieces of DNA that have been cut apart, similar to how a sewing machine stitches fabric together.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to a business student?	ht	business	1
Ligase is a good analogy to explain to a business student because it is an enzyme that helps stitch together two pieces of DNA. In the business world, this would be like two companies coming together and creating a new company. Ligase is responsible for making sure everything is put together correctly so that the new company can survive and thrive.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to a business student?	ht	business	1
A ligase is a molecule that helps to join two DNA strands together. It can be thought of as the "glue" that holds the DNA strands together. Just like a good adhesive can help to hold two pieces of paper together, a ligase can help to keep two pieces of DNA together.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to a business student?	ht	business	1
A process control block (PCB) is like a traffic controller for a busy intersection. The PCB manages the flow of information between different parts of a system so that everything works together properly. It's like the brain of the operation, coordinating all the activities and making sure nothing falls through the cracks.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to a business student?	ht	business	1
A process control block is like a traffic cop. The traffic cop ensures that cars are going the right way and don't crash into each other. Similarly, the process control block ensures that processes running on the computer don't conflict with each other and crash the system.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to a business student?	ht	business	1
A process control block is like a traffic light. It helps to manage the flow of information and keep things organized.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to a business student?	ht	business	1
If you think of the alphabet as a code, each letter is assigned a number. So A=1, B=2, C=3 and so on. When encoding a message, you would take the letter in the message and look up its corresponding number in the codebook. Then you would add that number to the total length of the encoded message. For example, if your original message was "hello," you would encode it as "HxllO."	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain message encoding to a business student would be as follows: Encoding a message is like putting a lock on your mailbox. The person who sent the message put a key in the lock, which can only be opened by someone who has that specific key. In this way, only the person who sent the message can open it and read its contents.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain message encoding to a business student is that it is like translating a foreign language. The sender of the message (the translator) encodes the original message into a format that can be understood by the receiver (the person who speaks the foreign language).	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to a business student?	ht	business	1
When two people meet, they may have a conversation. This conversation is possible because each person has something that the other needs - something to say and an ear to listen. In the same way, when a drug meets a receptor site, it can have an effect because both parties have something to offer. The drug provides the message, while the receptor site provides the means of delivery.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student is that of two people shaking hands. The drug can be thought of as the hand, while the receptor site is like the other person's hand. When they shake hands, they both interact with each other.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student is that of two people shaking hands. Just as the two people need to be in close proximity for their hands to meet, so do the drug and receptor site need to be close together for the drug to bind with the receptor site and produce a desired effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student?	ht	business	1
A monitor is like a TV for your computer. It is a device that you can use to display information on or watch videos.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to a business student?	ht	business	1
A monitor is like a television for businesses. It is a device that displays information to employees.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to a business student?	ht	business	1
A computer monitor is like a television screen. It displays the images that are shown on your computer.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to a business student?	ht	business	1
A cpu can be thought of as the "brain" of a computer. It handles all the calculations and operations that need to take place in order for the computer to function. This is similar to how a business student needs to handle all the calculations and operations in order for their business to function.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to a business student?	ht	business	1
Just as a car has many parts that work together to make it move, a computer has many parts that work together to process information. The CPU is the engine of the computer and controls how quickly it can perform calculations.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to explain CPU to a business student is that the CPU can be thought of as the brains of the computer. Just like the brain controls all aspects of a human body, the CPU controls all aspects of a computer. The CPU processes and executes instructions in order to enable the computer to function.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to a business student?	ht	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It is a circuit board that contains the connectors for all of the different parts of the computer, such as the processor, memory, and disks.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to a business student?	ht	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the "backbone" of a computer. It is essentially the main circuit board that everything else plugs into. Just like with a real skeleton, the motherboard helps to organize and hold everything together. In addition, it allows different parts of the computer to communicate with each other.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to a business student?	ht	business	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the crucial components of a computer, including the CPU, RAM, and ROM.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to a business student?	ht	business	1
Ram is to a business as horsepower is to an automobile. Ram measures the power or "oomph" that a computer has and this directly affects how quickly it can run programs, handle files and multitask. Just as you wouldn't want to buy a car with too little horsepower, you don't want to purchase a computer with insufficient ram.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to a business student?	ht	business	1
When it comes to memory, a computer can be seen as being similar to a human. The computer has Random-Access Memory (RAM), which is like the short-term working memory of people. This is where data and programs are currently active, and it's where information is accessed when you're using your computer. When you close an application or program, it's removed from RAM.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to a business student?	ht	business	1
Ram is a computer term for random access memory. It is an area of the computer's primary storage where data can be accessed randomly.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to a business student?	ht	business	0
A power supply unit can be thought of as a car's gas tank. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, a computer needs power to run. The power supply unit is the part of the computer that provides this power.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to a business student?	ht	business	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as the "engine" that powers a computer. Just as an engine needs gasoline to run, a power supply unit needs electricity to function. The power supply converts AC (alternating current) from the wall outlet into DC (direct current) which is what the computer's various components require in order to operate.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to a business student?	ht	business	1
A power supply unit can be compared to the gas tank in a car. The power supply unit is what provides the electricity that runs the devices in your computer, while the gas tank is what powers the car engine. Just like you need gasoline to run your car, you need electricity to run your computer.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to a business student?	ht	business	1
A keyboard can be compared to a telephone keypad. Just as the letters on a telephone keypad correspond to different numbers, the keys on a keyboard correspond to different letters and symbols.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to a business student?	ht	business	1
A keyboard can be thought of as a telephone keypad. Just like on a phone, the letters and numbers on a keyboard are arranged in a grid. The left side of the keyboard has the keys for numbers, while the right side has the keys for letters.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to a business student?	ht	business	1
A keyboard can be thought of as a phone book for the computer. Just as you would look up a contact's number in a physical phone book, you would use the keyboard to type in the name of a website or application on your computer.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to a business student?	ht	business	1
A mouse is like a cursor on a computer screen. It helps you move around and select different options.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to a business student?	ht	business	1
A mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is often used as a symbol of the computer.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to a business student?	ht	business	0
 Mouse is like a remote control for your computer. It lets you interact with your desktop or laptop by moving the cursor and clicking on things.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to a business student?	ht	business	1
An audio card is like a microphone. It picks up sound and turns it into an electrical signal that can be processed by a computer.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain an audio card to a business student is to say that it is like the sound system in a car. The audio card processes and amplifies the sounds that are coming from the computer.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain an audio card to a business student would be to compare it to a speaker. Just as a speaker is used to amplify sound, an audio card is used to amplify and improve the quality of sound output from a computer.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to a business student?	ht	business	1
A video card can be thought of as a computer's "graphics card." It is a piece of hardware that processes the images you see on your monitor. A good analogy to help explain this would be to think of your computer as a television and your video card as the actual television set itself.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to a business student?	ht	business	1
A video card can be thought of as a translator between the digital information on your computer and the analog signals that come out of your monitor.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to a business student?	ht	business	1
A video card can be thought of as like a CPU for your computer, except it is specifically designed to deal with graphics. Just as you might want a faster or more powerful CPU for your computer depending on what you are using it for, you might also want a better (or faster) video card if you're doing heavier graphical tasks.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to a business student?	ht	business	1
A tree's age calculation is like a human counting their age. Every year that goes by, the tree records one more year on its tally. Just as with people, at some point there may be discrepancies between different methods of calculating a tree's age (for example, by measuring trunk diameter or counting rings).	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to a business student?	ht	business	1
A tree's age calculation can be compared to a business' inventory calculation. Just as businesses keep track of how much money they have spent on inventory, trees keep track of the years they have been alive. Trees use rings to measure their age; just as a cash register would print out a receipt after each transaction, a tree will add one ring per year. By counting the number of rings present in a cross-section of wood, scientists can determine how old a tree is.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to a business student?	ht	business	1
If you imagine a tree as a person, then its age calculation can be thought of as its "birthday." Just like people, trees have birthdays that are celebrated every year. To calculate the age of a tree, you simply add up how many years have passed since it was born.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain glycolysis to a business student is the process of a company making a profit. In the beginning, the company invests money in resources (e.g. raw materials, labor). This is analogous to glucose and other molecules being invested into glycolysis. The company then uses these resources to produce products or services that are sold for more than it cost to produce them (this is analogous to pyruvate being produced as a result of glycolysis and then converted into acetyl-CoA). Finally, the company retains some of this extra revenue as profit (analogous to ATP and NADH being produced by glycolysis).	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain glycolysis to a business student would be the process of making coffee. The coffee beans are roasted and then ground up into a fine powder. This powder is then placed in hot water and allowed to steep. Once the coffee is brewed, it is poured into cups and served.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain glycolysis to a business student would be to say that it is the process of turning sugar into money.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student is the way that light reflects off of a mirror. When light hits a mirror, it bounces off of the surface in a direct path. This is similar to how regular Stokes scattering works, where photons scatter off of particles in a direct path. However, with anti-Stokes scattering, photons scatter off of particles at an angle. This is similar to the way that light reflects off of a curved mirror, where the light bends as it hits the surface and then reflects back in another direction.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering is that it is the business equivalent of returning a product to a store. When a company sells a product, it expects to receive money in return. However, if the customer returns the product, the company has to give back the money it received from selling the product. In terms of light scattering, when photons are scattered in an opposite direction than they were emitted, this is analogous to a company having to refund money to a customer.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student?	ht	business	1
An analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student is that it is the equivalent of two people pushing each other in opposite directions. The person who is trying to move forward will be forced back, while the person who is trying to move backward will be pushed forward. In physics, this phenomenon occurs when light waves interact with matter.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student?	ht	business	1
Stokes scattering is the process by which light particles scatter off of other particles in a medium. This analogy can be used to explain how businesses interact with their customers and stakeholders. Just as light scatters off of different objects, businesses must consider the different ways that they interact with their customers and stakeholders. They must also account for how these interactions will affect them both positively and negatively. By understanding stokes scattering, businesses can better navigate through these interactions and create positive outcomes for all involved parties.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a business student?	ht	business	1
When light shines on a surface, some of the light is reflected off the surface in a direct line back towards the source. This is called specular reflection. The rest of the light scatters in all directions as it hits small particles on the surface. This scattering is called diffuse reflection.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a business student?	ht	business	0
A good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a business student is the example of light shining through a window. The glass scatters the light in all directions, and some of the light shines back out through the window. In the same way, atoms scatter sound waves in all directions, and some of the sound waves bounce back to your ears.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a business student?	ht	business	1
A median lethal dose (LD50) is the amount of a substance required to kill half the members of a tested population within a given time frame. It can be used to measure the toxicity of chemicals, drugs, or other compounds. A good analogy to explain LD50 to a business student would be likening it to the dosage of caffeine in coffee. Too much caffeine can lead to an overdose and potentially death, while just enough caffeine provides that desired energizing boost. In essence, the LD50 is like finding the Goldilocks Zone for chemical substances – not too little, not too much, but just right.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a business student?	ht	business	1
A median lethal dose, or LD50, is the dose of a toxin that kills 50% of the test population. It can be used to measure the toxicity of a substance. This could be compared to how much money it would take for a business to kill 50% of its customers.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a business student is the story of the scorpion and the frog. The scorpion asks the frog to ferry it across a river, and the frog says no because if it gets stung by the scorpion, they will both die. The scorpion argues that it would be just as bad for him if he drowned, so the frog agrees to take him across. Halfway across, the scorpion stings the frog and they both drown.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain the universe to a business student would be to compare it to a large company. Just as there are many different parts (departments) that work together within a company, there are also many different parts (galaxies, planets, etc.) that make up the universe. Additionally, just as businesses must operate in accordance with certain rules and regulations, the universe must also follow specific laws and principles. Finally, much like companies can grow and expand over time, so too can the universe become larger and more complex.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to a business student?	ht	business	1
The universe can be thought of as an immense business. It has a CEO (God), managers (angels), workers (humans), and customers (other creatures). The company produces products (creation) that are sold to customers. Its goal is to make a profit, which it does by creating things that people want or need.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might be able to understand the universe if it were explained as a large company. The universe is made up of billions of galaxies, just like a large company has many divisions and employees. The universe is also expanding, just like a company grows and expands its reach. And finally, the universe obeys natural laws, similar to how businesses must abide by rules and regulations.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to a business student is the function of an employee in a company. Enzymes are proteins that work as catalysts in the body, just as employees work as catalysts to help a business run smoothly. Like employees, enzymes are responsible for many different tasks and they need to be able to communicate with other parts of the company (in this case, other proteins) in order to do their jobs properly.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to a business student?	ht	business	1
Enzyme mechanisms can be compared to that of a business. Enzymes are responsible for processing and catalyzing specific biochemical reactions, similar to how a CEO is responsible for the overall operations of a company. The CEO sets the goals and oversees the day-to-day work of employees, while enzymes activate or deactivate other proteins in order to orchestrate chemical changes in cells. Just as businesses need resources (e.g., labor, money, office space) in order to function properly, enzymes require certain molecules called cofactors in order to carry out their duties. Cofactors can be thought of as the "enzyme's tools" and include metals such as magnesium or zinc, vitamins such as B6 or riboflavin, and organic acids like acetic acid or citric acid. Like companies with different specialties (marketing, accounting, human resources), each enzyme has its own unique set of cofactors that it needs for proper functioning.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to a business student?	ht	business	1
Enzymes are like cars. Cars need oil to work properly. Enzymes need a cofactor (like oil) to work properly.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to a business student?	ht	business	1
The anova (analysis of variance) is a statistical tool used to compare the means of two or more groups. It does this by examining the variability within and between the groups. This can be thought of as akin to taking a poll of a group of people and then breaking them down into smaller groups based on, for example, their age group. You could then compare how many people in each age group said they would vote for Candidate A versus Candidate B.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to a business student?	ht	business	1
The anova statistical test is used to determine if the means of two or more groups are statistically different from each other. The most common analogy used to explain it is that of a t-test, which compares the means of two groups. In both tests, the null hypothesis states that there is no difference between the means of the groups being compared. If the p-value associated with the anova test is greater than 0.05, then we can conclude that there is no significant difference between the group means and that they may be considered as equivalent.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to a business student?	ht	business	1
A common analogy to explain the concept of ANOVA (Analysis of Variance) to a business student is that it is similar to splitting a meal bill at a restaurant. The total cost of the meal is divided by the number of people who ate to determine how much each person paid. In this analogy, the "meal" refers to the data set, while the "people" refer to the different groups being compared.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to a business student?	ht	business	1
A thermostat is like a boss that controls how much money a company spends on heating and cooling. The boss sets a limit for how much can be spent each month, and the thermostat makes sure that the temperature in the office stays within that limit.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to a business student?	ht	business	1
A thermostat is a tool that regulates the temperature in a room. It detects when the environment reaches a certain temperature and then either turns on or off the heating or cooling system to maintain that temperature. In business, a thermostat can be seen as an analogy for strategic planning. A company's strategic plan is like the thermostat; it sets out what the company wants to achieve and how it plans to do so. The plan may need to be tweaked along the way as conditions change, but having it in place provides a framework for making decisions and measuring progress.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to a business student?	ht	business	1
A thermostat is a tool that helps control the temperature of a room. It does this by reading the temperature of the room and then turning on or off either the heating or cooling system to maintain the desired temperature. In business, a thermostat can be thought of as a tool used to manage expenses. Just as the thermostat controls the temperature in a room, businesses use expense management tools to control their spending within certain parameters.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a business student is the balance of supply and demand in a free market economy. Just as too much or too little demand for a product can lead to imbalances in the market, too much or too little chemical reaction in an equilibrium state can also lead to instability. In both cases, it is necessary to have just the right amount of each element so that things run smoothly.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a business student is the example of a bank. In any given day, the bank will have deposits and withdrawals. However, at the end of the day, there will be no change in the total amount of money in the bank because new deposits will have balanced out old withdrawals. This is similar to what happens with chemical equilibrium- reactants are constantly being formed and destroyed, but at equilibrium the rate of formation is equal to the rate of destruction.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a business student is the balancing of a set of scales. When there is an equal amount of weight on each side, the scales are in balance. In terms of chemical equilibrium, this means that the concentrations of the reactants and products are equal.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand just-in-time production if it is explained as a pizza order. When you place an order for a pizza, you don't want to wait until the pizza is made before it is delivered to your house. You want the pizza delivered fresh, right when you order it. That's what just-in-time delivery is like for businesses. They don't want to wait until their products are finished before they sell them. They want to sell them as soon as they are made so that customers can get the freshest product possible.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time is that it is like a grocery store. A grocery store does not have a lot of food in stock, but instead they order the food as they need it. This way, they do not have to waste money on food that will go bad.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time production is a bakery. The baker does not start making bread the night before it is going to be sold, but starts right when the customer orders it. This way, the bread is always fresh.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to a business student?	ht	business	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an army that defends the body from invaders. The soldiers in this army are called lymphocytes and they are able to remember previous invaders so that they can quickly mount a defense if these invaders try to attack again. This analogy can help business students understand how adaptive immunity works by providing a visual for how the immune system responds to threats.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a business student is the immune system of a human body being compared to the security system of a business. The immune system protects the body from infection and disease, while the security system protects the business from theft, vandalism, and other criminal activity. Both systems are constantly working to detect and respond to any potential threats.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a business student?	ht	business	1
One good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a business student is the human body's immune system being similar to a business' customer base. Just as businesses need new customers in order to grow and thrive, the human body needs new white blood cells in order to fight off invading pathogens. Likewise, as businesses lose customers, they may experience a decline in profits; likewise, when the human body loses white blood cells, it becomes more susceptible to infection. Finally, businesses can improve their fortunes by targeting specific markets and niches; likewise, the human body can improve its defenses against infection by targetting specific pathogens with tailored vaccines.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a business student?	ht	business	1
It is like a water hose. If you have a low water pressure, the stream of water will be weak. If you increase the pressure, more water comes out and the stream gets stronger. Voltage is like the pressure in this analogy and current is like the amount of water coming out of the hose.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain Ohm's law to a business student is as follows: Just as the amount of water flowing through a pipe is dependent on both the size of the pipe and how much water pressure is applied, electrical current (I) in a circuit is determined by two factors: the resistance (R) of the component and how much voltage (V) is applied. The greater the resistance, the less current will flow; likewise, increasing the voltage results in more current passing through the component. This analogy can be further extended to say that just as larger pipes result in more water moving faster, components with lower resistances allow more current to flow faster.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain Ohm’s law to a business student is as follows: think of your company as an electrical circuit. The battery is the power source, and the lightbulb is the resistor. The voltage (V) is equivalent to the pressure of the battery, while the current (I) is like the amount of electricity flowing through the wire. The resistance (R) of the lightbulb determines how much brightness it emits. In order for your company to run efficiently, you need enough voltage coming from the battery to make sure all of your lights are on (current). However, you also don't want too much current flowing through your wires or else they might overheat and burst! This is where resistance comes in - it's like a safety valve that keeps things from getting too hot or overloaded.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to a business student?	ht	business	1
One analogy to transcription is that of a typist taking dictation. The typist listens to the person giving the dictation and types what they say verbatim into a document. Transcription is very similar, except that instead of typing, you are writing down what you hear.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to a business student?	ht	business	1
Transcription is similar to taking dictation. The business student would be the person taking down the notes, and the person giving the dictation would be providing the information.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to a business student?	ht	business	1
Transcription is a lot like taking dictation. You are listening to someone talk and writing down what they are saying.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to a business student?	ht	business	1
Just as a business needs employees to run smoothly, the cell also needs proteins called enzymes to help with chemical reactions. RNA polymerase is one of these enzymes and it helps create new strands of RNA from DNA templates.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand RNA polymerase if it is explained as an assembly line. The individual parts (nucleotides) are brought in to the factory, and they are put together according to a plan (the sequence of the gene). Once the product is made, it is packaged and shipped out.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to a business student?	ht	business	1
Rna polymerase can be thought of as the business student's equivalent to a secretary. Just as the secretary takes dictation and types it up, rna polymerase reads the genetic code and builds new strands of DNA.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to a business student?	ht	business	1
A ribosome is like a factory. It takes orders (messages from the nucleus telling it what proteins to make) and manufactures the proteins according to the instructions it receives.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to a business student?	ht	business	1
A ribosome is like a factory that manufactures proteins. The ribosomes are located in the cytoplasm of the cell and they use mRNA as a template to build proteins.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to a business student?	ht	business	1
A ribosome is like a business factory. The DNA in the cells is like the blueprints and instructions for what to make. The ribosomes read these instructions and build proteins, which are like the products made in a factory.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain activator protein to a business student would be the role of a CEO in a company. The activator protein is responsible for turning on (or activating) the genes that are necessary for the cell to carry out its specific function. Similarly, the CEO is responsible for making sure that the employees in their company are carrying out their specific functions (producing goods and services) efficiently and effectively.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to a business student?	ht	business	1
One way to think about activator proteins is as the "key" that unlocks a particular gene so it can be expressed. In other words, activator proteins are responsible for turning on (or activating) genes, which then allows the cells to carry out their specific functions. You could also think of activator proteins as being like managers or directors, since they're in charge of making sure all the different parts of a business (in this case, the genes) are working together properly.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to a business student?	ht	business	1
A business student might understand activator proteins if they think of them as the "key" that unlocks the door to starting a company. The activator protein is what gets the process going, and without it, nothing happens.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to a business student?	ht	business	1
Electricity is like water. Just as a business needs a constant flow of clean water to survive, it also needs a continuous flow of electricity.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to a business student?	ht	business	1
Electric circuits can be analogized to the plumbing in a building. Just as water flows through pipes, electricity flows through wires. The voltage is analogous to the water pressure, and the current is analogous to the flow rate of the water. Like faucets and valves that control the flow of water, electrical devices such as lightbulbs and motors control the flow of electricity.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to a business student?	ht	business	1
Electricity flows through a wire in a similar way water flows through a pipe. Just as you can turn on the faucet to get water, you can turn on an electric switch to get electricity. The flow of electricity is measured in amps, just like the flow of water is measured in gallons per minute. Just as you need certain size pipes for high volumes of water, you need certain size wires for high volumes of electricity.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain the hydrophobic effect to a business student is that of two people shaking hands. The handshaking action between the two individuals creates a physical interaction that causes them to become attracted to each other. In a similar way, the hydrophobic effect occurs when water molecules are drawn together due to their attraction to the hydrophobic (water-repelling) regions of other molecules.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain the hydrophobic effect to a business student would be to say that it is similar to how people naturally gather together in groups. Just as people are drawn to others, water molecules are drawn to each other and form clusters. The hydrophobic interaction occurs when the non-polar or “hydrophobic” parts of one molecule interact with the non-polar regions of another molecule, pushing the polar water molecules away.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a business student would be to say that the hydrophobic effect is similar to how people naturally flock together. Just as people are drawn to others of their own kind, water molecules are also drawn together by their shared polarity. The result is that water molecules tend to avoid other molecules that do not have a positive or negative charge (i.e. hydrocarbons).	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a business student is the process of ordering and delivering food. The customer (the receptor) places an order for food by sending a message (a neurotransmitter) to the restaurant (the ligand-gated ion channel). The chef at the restaurant then prepares and cooks the food according to the customer's request. Once it is ready, the waiter delivers the food to the customer.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a business student would be the process of how a customer's purchase is processed in a store. The customer provides input by selecting an item and providing payment, which is then transmitted as a signal to the cash register. The cash register processes the signal and sends back an acknowledgement that the purchase was completed. This process illustrates how information is transmitted and processed in order to achieve a desired outcome.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a business student?	ht	business	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a business student would be the process of sending an email. The sender's computer converts the text of the email into electronic signals, which are then transmitted through telephone lines or the internet to the recipient's computer. Once there, these signals are converted back into text and displayed on the screen. In much the same way, proteins in our cells send messages by converting chemical and physical signals into electrical ones that can travel throughout our bodies.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a business student?	ht	business	1
Nadh is like a battery in a car. It is the molecule that helps create energy in the body.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Proteins are like the bricks in a wall. Just as bricks are used to build a wall, proteins are used to build cells. Cells are the basic building blocks of life.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe is written down and tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. The recipe is like the DNA code. The ingredients are like the DNA bases and the instructions are like the DNA sequence.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Glycogen is like a savings account for the body. It is a type of carbohydrate that the body stores in the liver and muscles. The body can use glycogen to provide energy for activities such as exercise.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the postal service. It is a system that delivers packages (molecules) to different parts of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Golgi is to the body as the postal service is to the mail. The golgi apparatus is responsible for packaging and shipping proteins out of the cell. Just as the postal service is responsible for getting mail from one place to another, the golgi apparatus is responsible for getting proteins from one part of the cell to another.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a social group's borders. It is the boundary that separates the group from the outside world and determines what information and resources are allowed in and out. The plasma membrane is also responsible for regulating the group's internal environment.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins of the cell. They break down old or damaged proteins and molecules, and recycle the components back into the cell to be used again. This is important for keeping the cell healthy and functioning properly.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling centers of the cell. They recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and carbohydrates.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Mitochondria are like the batteries in a car. They provide the energy that the car needs to run. In the same way, mitochondria provide the energy that cells need to run.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A chloroplast is like a small city. It has a lot of different parts that all work together to keep the city running. The chloroplast has a mayor, who is in charge of making sure everything runs smoothly. The chloroplast also has workers, who do all the hard work to keep the city running. The workers are responsible for things like planting crops, cleaning the streets, and fixing the buildings.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to hold the cells together and gives them their shape. The cytoskeleton is also responsible for the movement of the cells.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
ATP is like gasoline for a car. It is the energy that is used to make the car move.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
NADPH is like the oil in a car engine. It helps the engine run smoothly and efficiently.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like the recycling centers of the cell. They recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and carbohydrates.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Mytochondria are the cells in our body that produce energy. They are similar to the power plants in our society that produce energy for our homes and businesses. Just as we need power plants to have a functioning society, we need mytochondria to have a functioning body.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Electric forces are like magnets. They are attracted to each other and push away from each other.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is like a group of people at a party. Some people are standing in the middle of the room, while others are standing on the edges of the room. The people in the middle of the room are the most active, while the people on the edges are less active.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The first line of defense in the body is analogous to the police force in a city. The police are the first line of defense against crime and they are responsible for preventing crime from happening. In the same way, the first line of defense in the body is responsible for preventing pathogens from entering the body. They do this by secreting mucus and other chemicals that kill pathogens and by engulfing them in cells called phagocytes.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Macrophages are like the police force of the body. They patrol the body and look for things that don't belong, like bacteria or viruses. When they find something, they attack and destroy it.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
T-helper cells are like the police officers of the immune system. They help to coordinate the activities of other cells in the immune system and help to fight off infection.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like the police force in a city. They are responsible for patrolling the city and keeping it safe. They respond to threats and help to protect the city from harm.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and identify and destroy cells that are not supposed to be there.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Bacteria are like tiny invaders that can cause infection and illness. Just as an army can invade and take over a country, bacteria can invade and take over the body, causing illness.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Action potential is like a light switch. When it is turned on, it allows current to flow through the light bulb. When it is turned off, the current is blocked.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed on a strip of paper and the different components travel along the paper at different speeds. This allows the components to be separated and identified.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Stars spend most of their lives burning hydrogen in their cores. This process is called fusion. As a star uses up its hydrogen, it begins to use helium. This process is called degeneracy. As a star uses up its helium, it begins to use carbon. This process is called nuclear burning. As a star uses up its carbon, it begins to use oxygen. This process is called photodisintegration. As a star uses up its oxygen, it begins to use silicon. This process is called silicon burning. As a star uses up its silicon, it begins to use iron. This process is called nuclear burning. As a star uses up its iron, it begins to use nickel. This process is called nickel burning. As a star uses up its nickel, it begins to use cobalt. This process is called cobalt burning. As a star uses up its cobalt, it begins to use copper. This process is called copper burning. As a star uses up its copper, it begins to use zinc. This process is called zinc burning. As a star uses up its zinc, it begins to use lead. This process is called lead burning. As a star uses up its lead, it begins to use thorium. This process is called thorium burning. As a star uses up its thorium, it begins to use uranium. This process is called uranium burning. As a star uses up its uranium, it begins to use plutonium. This process is called plutonium burning. As a star uses up its plutonium, it begins to use americium. This process is called americium burning. As a star uses up its americium, it begins to use curium. This process is called curium burning. As a star uses up its curium, it begins to use berkelium. This process is called berkelium burning. As a star uses up its berkelium, it begins to use californium. This process is called californium burning. As a star uses up its californium, it begins to use einsteinium. This process is called einsteinium burning. As a star uses up its einsteinium, it begins to use fermium. This process is called fermium burning. As a star uses up its fermium, it begins to use mendelevium. This process is called mendelevium burning. As a star uses up its mendelevium, it begins to use nobelium. This process is called nobelium burning. As a star uses up its nobelium, it begins to use lawrencium. This process is called lawrencium burning. As a star uses up its lawrencium, it begins to use rutherfordium. This process is called rutherfordium burning. As a star uses up its rutherfordium, it begins to use dubnium. This process is called dubnium burning. As a star uses up its dubnium, it begins to use seaborgium. This process is called seaborgium burning. As a star uses up its seaborgium, it begins to use bohrium. This process is called bohrium burning. As a star uses up its bohrium, it begins to use hassium. This process is called hassium burning. As a star uses up its hassium, it begins to use meitnerium. This process is called meitnerium burning. As a star uses up its meitnerium, it begins to use darmstadtium. This process is called darmstadtium burning. As a star uses up its darmstadtium, it begins to use roentgenium. This process is called roentgenium burning. As a star uses up its roentgenium, it begins to use copernicium. This process is called copernicium burning. As a star uses up its copernicium, it begins to use ununtrium. This process is called ununtrium burning. As a star uses up its ununtrium, it begins to use flerovium. This process is called flerovium burning. As a star uses up its flerovium, it begins to use livermorium. This process is called livermorium burning. As a star uses up its livermorium, it begins to use tennessine. This process is called tennessine burning. As a star uses up its tennessine, it begins to use oganesson. This process is called oganesson burning.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Nucleus is like the brain of a cell. It is responsible for controlling the cell's activities and for organizing its genetic information.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They produce all of the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a postal service. It takes the mail (packages of proteins) from the different parts of the cell and delivers them to the correct destination.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins of the cell. They break down old or damaged proteins and molecules, and recycle the components back into the cell to be used again.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The nuclear envelope is like a fence that surrounds the nucleus of a cell. It helps to keep the nucleus and its contents safe and protected.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A vacuole is like a small room in a house. It is a small, enclosed space that has a door that can be opened and closed.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Cytoplasm is like the water in a fish tank. It surrounds and supports the fish, and provides them with the environment they need to survive. Cytoplasm is also responsible for transporting nutrients and oxygen to the fish, and removing waste products. In the same way, cytoplasm surrounds and supports the cells in our bodies, and provides them with the environment they need to survive. Cytoplasm also transports nutrients and oxygen to the cells, and removes waste products.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Chromosomes are like a library. They store all of the information that is needed to create a living being.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Cytosol is like the water in a fish tank. It surrounds and supports the fish, and provides them with the environment they need to survive. In the same way, cytosol surrounds and supports the cells in our body, and provides them with the environment they need to survive.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A cell is like a small town. It has a mayor, a police department, a fire department, a grocery store, a bank, and a school. The mayor is the head of the town, the police department keeps the town safe, the fire department puts out fires, the grocery store sells food, the bank loans money, and the school teaches students.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold things like chemicals or proteins. Vesicles form when the cell membrane pinches off a small piece of the cytoplasm.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A cell wall is like a fence that surrounds a yard. It helps to keep things in and keep things out. The cell wall is made of a tough material that helps to protect the cell.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as a city is made up of many individual buildings, life is made up of many individual cells. Cells are small and simple, but they work together to create complex structures and functions.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a border or boundary. It is the outermost layer of the cell and it separates the inside of the cell from the outside environment. The cell membrane is made up of a lipid bilayer and it is responsible for regulating what enters and leaves the cell.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The Golgi body is like a postal worker. It takes the mail (the proteins) from the mailbox (the endoplasmic reticulum) and delivers it to the correct address (the cell membrane).	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Capacitance is a measure of how much electric charge can be stored on a capacitor. Just as a reservoir can store more water when it is higher up on a mountain, a capacitor can store more electric charge when it is higher up on an electric potential. The capacitance of a capacitor is proportional to the surface area of the plates and inversely proportional to the distance between the plates.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity flowing through a wire. Just as a river can carry boats and other objects downstream, electric current can power devices that use electricity.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spurt out water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow through a wire.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A cell is like a small city. It has specialized parts that do different things - like the police department, the fire department, the sanitation department, etc. Each of these parts has a specific job to do and they all need to communicate with each other in order to make the city run smoothly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This law is often used in electrical engineering to calculate the voltage of a circuit. It can also be used to find the current in a circuit, and to determine the resistance of a component.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
A density wave is like a crowd of people at a busy train station. The people are all packed together in one spot, and then they slowly spread out until they are all evenly spaced again.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are made of proteins and they work by fitting into the spaces around the molecules they are working on. This helps the molecules move around and react with each other.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
The human active memory system can be thought of as a library. The library has many shelves, and each shelf has many books. The books on the shelves are the active memory system. The active memory system is always changing. New books are added to the shelves, and old books are removed from the shelves. The books on the shelves are the active memory system.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. This step determines the rate of the reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and a solvent is passed through the column. The components of the mixture are separated based on their different rates of movement through the column.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a group of people who are all talking at the same time. The people are all talking and yelling over each other, but eventually they all calm down and start talking in a normal tone of voice. This is similar to how the molecules in a system reach equilibrium, where they all stop reacting and start to exist in a stable state.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A vacuole is like a container that can hold different types of liquids. It is a small, round, and clear structure that is found in the cytoplasm of a cell.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A transport vesicle is like a bus. It transports things (in this case, proteins) from one place to another.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the "police officers" of the cell. They help to regulate cell growth and division, and keep the cell functioning normally. When a proto-oncogene is mutated, it can "go bad" and start to promote uncontrolled cell growth, leading to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Oncogenes are like the "bad seeds" of cancer. They are genes that have the potential to cause cancer. Just like a bad seed can grow into a weed that takes over a garden, oncogenes can cause cancer to grow and spread.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police of the body. They help to keep the cells in check and prevent them from becoming cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Brittle software is like a pencil. It is thin and easily broken.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Resonance hybrid is a model that helps to explain the bonding in molecules. In a resonance hybrid, the electrons are distributed in such a way that the most stable arrangement is achieved. This is done by combining the best of each of the individual models. In social science, this could be seen as a way to combine the best of each individual's ideas to create a more stable and cohesive whole.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
The wave mechanical model is like a group of people standing in a line. The first person in the line is the wave, and the people behind them are the waves that follow. The waves represent the movement of energy through the system.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. This activity is measured by electrodes that are placed on your scalp.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
DNA replication can be thought of as a photocopier. The DNA molecule is like the original document, and the copies are the photocopies. The DNA molecule is made up of two strands that are twisted together like a ladder. The "rungs" of the ladder are made up of chemicals called nucleotides. The nucleotides are arranged in a specific order, and this order is what makes up the DNA's genetic code. During replication, the two strands of the DNA molecule are separated. One strand is used as a template to create a new strand of DNA. The new strand is made up of the same nucleotides as the original, but they are arranged in a new order.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
RNA transcription is similar to a social science student writing a paper. The student takes information from a variety of sources, organizes it, and writes it down. The RNA molecule does the same thing, but it uses the information from the DNA molecule to create a new molecule.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Protein translation is similar to a group of people coming together to create a document. The people are the proteins and the document is the protein translation. The proteins come together and each one contributes a letter to the document. Once the document is complete, it is read by other proteins who understand the language that it is written in.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a social group, where the different members of the group interact with each other to produce a collective effect. Just as in a social group, the different members of an ecosystem (e.g. plants, animals, bacteria) interact with each other to produce a collective effect. In an ecosystem, the different members of the group are dependent on each other to survive.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
An action potential is a bit like an electric current. It starts at one end of a neuron and travels down the neuron until it reaches the other end. This current is caused by the movement of positively charged ions (like sodium and potassium) in and out of the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Breathing is the process of exchanging gases between the environment and the body's tissues. In frogs, the process of breathing is done through the skin. The frog's skin is thin and moist, which allows oxygen and carbon dioxide to pass through easily. The frog's lungs are used for gas exchange when the frog is in water. When the frog is out of water, it relies on its skin to breathe.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Layered architecture is a way of organizing computer systems in which each layer represents a different type of system function. The lowest layer, which is closest to the hardware, is the foundation on which the higher layers are built. The higher layers provide more abstract services that are used by the applications that run on the system.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is used up first in a chemical reaction. An excess reactant is a reactant that is not used up in a chemical reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
A eukaryotic cell is like a large company. It has many different parts that work together to keep the company running. The nucleus is the CEO, and the mitochondria are the workers. The cytoplasm is the office space, and the cell membrane is the security guard.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. It has a mayor (the nucleus), citizens (the organelles), and a governing body (the cytoskeleton). The mayor is responsible for the well-being of the citizens and the governing body is responsible for ensuring that the town functions properly.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The kernel is the most important part of an operating system. It is responsible for managing the system's resources and ensuring that all the other parts of the system work together. It is like the brain of the system, coordinating all the different parts.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
A limiting reactant is a substance that limits the amount of a chemical reaction that can take place. In social science, a limiting reactant can be thought of as a constraint on human behavior. For example, a person's income may be a limiting reactant to their ability to purchase goods and services.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Helicase is a protein that helps to unwind DNA so that it can be copied. It is like a machine that helps to uncoil a ball of string.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins are like the police officers of the DNA replication process. They help to ensure that the replication process goes smoothly and that all the necessary components are present. They also help to keep the DNA replication process organized and on track.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is similar to a social science student, who helps to join two people together.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A process control block is like a traffic light. It helps to regulate the flow of traffic and keep things moving smoothly. In the same way, a process control block helps to regulate the flow of data and keep things moving smoothly in a computer system.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Message encoding is the process of transforming a message into a format that can be transmitted. This may involve translating the message into a code that can be sent over a communication channel, such as a telephone line or the internet.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Drugs and receptor sites interact in a way that is similar to how people interact in social situations. Just as people can have different personalities and behave differently in social situations, drugs can have different effects on the body depending on how they interact with receptor sites. Some drugs may fit perfectly into receptor sites, causing a strong reaction, while others may not fit as well, causing a weaker reaction. Just as people can interact with each other in different ways, drugs can interact with receptor sites in different ways.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A monitor is like a television. It is a device that people use to watch moving images.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The CPU is like the brain of the computer. It processes all the information that is sent to it.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A motherboard is like the skeleton of a human. It is the main frame that everything else is attached to. In the same way, a motherboard is the main frame of a computer. It holds all of the essential components and allows them to communicate with each other.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Ram is a type of computer memory that is used to store data temporarily. It is much faster than traditional hard drives, but it is also more expensive.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
A power supply unit is like a gas tank in a car. It is a container that stores a resource that can be used to power something else. In a car, the gas tank stores gasoline, which is used to power the engine. In a computer, the power supply unit stores electricity, which is used to power the computer.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A keyboard is a tool that is used to input text into a computer.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is common in many parts of the world. It is known for its ability to move quickly and for its love of cheese.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
An audio card is like a driver's license. It is a piece of identification that proves that you are who you say you are.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A video card is like a translator between your computer's processor and the images on your monitor. Your computer's processor is like your brain, it understands numbers and letters. The images on your monitor are like pictures, they are made up of tiny dots called pixels. Your video card takes the numbers and letters that your computer's processor understands and turns them into pictures that your monitor can understand.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The tree's age calculation is like when a baby is born, the doctors calculate how old the baby is by adding up the number of weeks and days the baby has been alive. The tree's age calculation is the same way, they add up the number of years, months, and days the tree has been alive.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Anti-stokes scattering is similar to the scattering of light by a raindrop. In both cases, the scattering is caused by the interaction of light with small objects. In the case of light scattering by a raindrop, the scattering is caused by the interaction of light with the water droplets. In the case of anti-stokes scattering, the scattering is caused by the interaction of light with the atoms in the gas.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by small particles in a medium. The light is scattered in all directions and the intensity of the scattered light decreases with the distance from the particle. This is similar to how people scatter in a crowd. The people are scattered in all directions and the intensity of the scattered people decreases with the distance from the people.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill half of the people who take it. It is often used as a measure of the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
The universe can be thought of as a vast social network. Just as people are connected to one another through various social ties, the universe is connected through various physical ties. Just as people interact with one another to create social networks, the universe interacts with itself to create physical networks. Just as social networks can be studied to understand human behavior, physical networks can be studied to understand the behavior of the universe.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Enzyme mechanism can be explained using the analogy of a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock and the substrate is the key. The substrate fits into the enzyme like a key fits into a lock. The enzyme and the substrate are then able to interact and the enzyme can convert the substrate into a product.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Anova is a statistical technique used to test the difference between the means of two or more groups. It is similar to the t-test, but can be used with more than two groups.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building by turning on or off the heating or cooling system.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Chemical equilibrium is a state in which the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. This means that the concentrations of the reactants and products do not change over time.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Just-in-time is a business model that aims to reduce waste by only producing what is needed, when it is needed. This is done by having a close relationship with suppliers and only ordering what is needed for the next production run.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a social science student’s ability to learn and grow from experience. Just as the student learns from their mistakes and grows as a result, the immune system also adapts and becomes stronger in the face of challenges. This ability to learn and grow is what makes the immune system so powerful – it can continually adapt and improve in order to protect the body from harm.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Ohm's law is a law that states that the current through a conductor is directly proportional to the potential difference across the conductor. In other words, the higher the voltage, the more current will flow. This law is important in social science because it helps to understand how people respond to different types of stimuli. For example, if a person is exposed to a lot of negative stimuli, they may become overwhelmed and have a higher chance of developing a mental illness.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Transcription is the process of copying a text from one form to another. In the context of genetics, it is the process of copying the genetic information from DNA to RNA.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
RNA polymerase is like a secretary. It takes dictation from a boss (the DNA) and produces a typed copy (the RNA).	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They produce all of the proteins that the cell needs to function.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Activator protein is like a key that unlocks the door to a room. The activator protein binds to a specific site on the DNA molecule and then recruits other proteins that help to open the door.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
An electric circuit is like a group of people who are all connected to each other. If one person in the group talks, the whole group hears them. If one person in the group turns on a light, the whole group sees the light.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This is because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with one another than with the nonpolar molecules. This interaction causes the nonpolar molecules to be pushed to the periphery of the water droplet, where they are less likely to interact with the water.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a social science student trying to understand a foreign language. The student is trying to understand the meaning of the words and how they are used in conversation. In the same way, biological signal transduction is the process of understanding the meaning of the signals that are being sent and received by the cells in the body.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Nadh is like the spark that starts a fire. It's necessary for combustion, but it doesn't produce any heat itself.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
NAD+ is a coenzyme found in all cells of the body. It is necessary for the production of energy from food, and it also helps to keep the brain functioning properly. NAD+ levels tend to decline with age, which may be one reason why older people sometimes have difficulty thinking clearly or maintaining their balance.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Nadh is to the body as gasoline is to a car. Just as gasoline powers a car, nadh powers the body's cells.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Proteins are like the bricks in a wall. Just as bricks are used to build walls, proteins are used to build cells. Proteins come in different shapes and sizes, just like bricks do. Some proteins are small and thin, while others are big and bulky. Just as different types of bricks can be used to build different types of walls, different types of proteins can be used to build different types of cells.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Proteins are like the bricks in a building. They are strong and stable, but they can be shaped into different forms to create different structures. The same protein can have different functions depending on the shape it is in.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Proteins are like the bricks in a wall. Just as each brick is essential to the stability of the wall, so too are proteins essential to the stability of our cells. Like bricks, proteins come in different shapes and colors (or flavors) depending on how they are put together. Some proteins form long chains that wrap around each other like yarn, while others assemble into tightly packed spheres. And just as you can change the appearance of a wall by swapping out different colored bricks, you can also change the appearance and function of a protein by replacing one amino acid with another.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA is the blueprint for life. It contains all of the genetic information necessary to create and sustain a living organism. Like a blueprint, it provides a roadmap for constructing an organism.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe tells you what ingredients to use, how much of each ingredient, and the steps to follow in order to make the cake. DNA is made up of chemical building blocks called nucleotides. There are four different kinds of nucleotides: adenine (A), thymine (T), cytosine (C), and guanine (G). The sequence of these nucleotides forms the genetic code, which contains all the information needed to build and run an organism.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA is the blueprint for life. It is a long molecule that is twisted into a double helix. The DNA molecule contains the instructions for making all the proteins in your body.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Glycogen is an energy storage molecule found in the liver and muscles. It is made up of long chains of glucose molecules. Glucose is a simple sugar that provides energy for the body's cells. Glycogen can be broken down into glucose to provide energy for the body's cells.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Glycogen can be thought of as the social science student's "study fuel." Just as athletes need glycogen to perform well, students need it to focus and learn. Glycogen is a form of glucose that is stored in the liver and muscles. It provides energy for physical activity and mental tasks. The best way to ensure an adequate supply of glycogen is to eat balanced meals with plenty of whole grains, fruits, and vegetables.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Glycogen is a molecule found in the body that helps store energy. It is similar to a savings account at a bank. The body deposits energy into this account, and then can withdraw it when needed.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is like the postal service in a city. The ER delivers packages (proteins) from one part of the cell to another. It also helps to fold proteins into the correct shape so that they can do their jobs correctly.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory in the cell. It makes and processes proteins.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is a bit like the government of a country. It is in charge of organizing and regulating all the different parts of the cell, making sure everything works together smoothly. It also helps to produce new proteins, which are essential for the cell to function properly.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that helps to process and package proteins for delivery to other parts of the cell, or out of the cell. It can be thought of as something akin to a factory assembly line, where different components are put together in a specific order. The end result is that the proteins are able to do their job more effectively inside or outside of the cell.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is a structure in cells that packages proteins for transport to other parts of the cell, or out of the cell. Imagine if you were going on a road trip and you had to pack your car with all of your belongings. You would need to put some things in the trunk, some in the backseat, and perhaps even more in the passenger seat. The Golgi apparatus is like the person who packs your car - it takes care of packing everything so that it's transported safely to its destination.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Golgi is a process that takes information from the dendrites of a neuron and packages it into small sacs called vesicles. These vesicles travel along the axon of the neuron to the cell body, where they are released and transmit the information to other neurons.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the boundary between a cell and its environment. Just as a physical fence separates one property from another, the plasma membrane separates the inside of a cell from the outside world. The plasma membrane is made up of proteins and lipids (fats) and is selectively permeable, meaning that it allows some things to pass through while blocking others. This allows cells to control what goes in and out, which is important for maintaining their internal environment.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A plasma membrane is like a border fence between two countries. It helps to keep things in their respective places and prevents them from mixing together. The cells on either side of the fence are able to communicate with each other, but the contents of each cell remain separate.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The plasma membrane is like a border fence between two countries. It is what separates the country on one side from the country on the other. The plasma membrane is also like a wall in a house. It separates the inside of the house from the outside world.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are similar to the digestive system in that they break down large molecules into smaller ones. In the cell, lysosomes digest worn-out organelles, excess or damaged proteins and other cellular debris. They also play a role in recycling lipids and cholesterol.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The lysosome is a small organelle in the cytoplasm of the cell that is responsible for breaking down and digesting macromolecules such as proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. In other words, it's like a cellular recycling center. It does this by releasing enzymes that break down these molecules into their component parts, which can then be reused by the cell.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins in your house. They break down old materials and turn them into new ones that can be used again. Lysosomes do this by breaking down molecules into their smallest parts.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling centers of cells. They recycle waste products and help to break down large molecules into smaller ones that the cell can use.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling centers of cells. They break down old, damaged proteins and other molecules, and recycle their components back into the cell.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling plants of the cell. They take in waste and break it down into smaller pieces that can be used by the rest of the cell.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria are like the engines of a car. They take in fuel (carbohydrates and fats) and create energy for the body to use. This energy is used to power everything from our heartbeats to our thoughts. Just like a car needs its engine to run, our bodies need mitochondria to function.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria are like the engines of a car. They take in fuel (carbohydrates and oxygen) and turn it into energy that the rest of the cell can use.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the cells' power plants. They use oxygen to convert energy from food into a form that the cell can use. This process is called respiration and it happens in the mitochondria.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chloroplasts are like the factories of plants. They use sunlight to create food for plants in a process called photosynthesis.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Just as a city has many different parts that work together to form a functioning metropolis, chloroplasts have many different parts that work together to form a functioning photosynthetic organelle. The City Center is analogous to the thylakoid membrane, surrounded by business districts and suburbs. The Central Park is analogous to the stroma, filled with green spaces and trees. The streets are analogous to the cytoplasm, connecting all of these places together.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A chloroplast is a small organelle in the plant cell that is unique in that it has the ability to change light into chemical energy that can be used by plants to create glucose from carbon dioxide and water.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The cytoskeleton is analogous to the skeletal system in humans. It provides support and structure for the cell, and helps it to maintain its shape. The cytoskeleton also plays a role in cellular movement, and can help cells migrate to new locations.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a human. It provides support to the cell and helps it to keep its shape. The cytoskeleton also plays an important role in movement, by helping cells move around.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a human. It provides support and structure to the cell. The cytoskeleton also helps with movement and cellular communication.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Atp is to a social science student as gasoline is to a car. Both atp and gasoline are necessary for the function of their respective objects. Atp is necessary for the cell to function, while gasoline is necessary for the car to function.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
ATP is the currency of energy for cells. Just as money is needed to purchase items in a store, ATP is necessary for cells to carry out all their functions. Cells produce ATP through cellular respiration, which involves breaking down glucose molecules into carbon dioxide and water. The energy released from this process is used to create ATP molecules.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Just as gasoline powers a car, ATP is the "fuel" that drives all cellular activity. It is produced when glucose molecules are broken down during the process of glycolysis.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
NADPH is similar to oxygen in that it is necessary for the body's cells to function. Oxygen is carried throughout the body by red blood cells and used by all cells to create energy. NADPH is also necessary for all cells, but it helps with cell growth and repair.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
NADPH is similar to oxygen in that it is necessary for life. NADPH helps the body turn food into energy.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
NADPH is similar to the "fuel" used by cars. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, cells need NADPH to carry out their many functions. NADPH is produced when glucose (a type of sugar) is broken down in the body.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Peroxysomes can be thought of as the "cellular trash cans" or "recycling centers" within cells. They are organelles that digest and break down proteins, fats, and carbohydrates. This process helps to produce energy for the cell and also recycles materials that can be used again by the cell.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Just as the nucleus is the control center of a cell, peroxysomes are like mini-nuclei found in some cells. These organelles play an important role in breaking down fats and recycling their components.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Peroxysomes are small organelles in cells that help break down complex molecules for energy production. They are similar to the social science student, who is responsible for breaking down complex information and theories into understandable concepts for others.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The mytochondria is like the engine of a car. It provides the power that makes the car move. In the same way, the mytochondria provides the power that makes our cells function.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Mytochondria are the cells in our body that produce energy. In the same way that a social science student might need fuel to do well in school, mytochondria need food to create energy for our bodies. We get this food by eating foods that contain protein, carbohydrates, and fats. Mytochondria also need oxygen to create energy, just like students need air to breathe in order to think clearly.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Mytochondria are the "power plants" of cells; they produce energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP). This energy is necessary for all cellular activity, including cell reproduction and protein synthesis.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Electric forces are similar to gravitational forces in that they both involve attraction or repulsion between two masses. However, electric forces are much stronger than gravitational forces and operate over much shorter distances. Electric fields are created by charges, which can be either positive or negative. Like magnets, objects with opposite charges attract each other while objects with the same charge repell each other.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric forces are similar to the gravitational force in that they both involve a pulling or pushing action between Objects. However, electric forces are caused by the exchange of tiny particles called electrons, while gravitational forces are caused by the exchange of tiny particles called gravitons.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric forces are similar to gravitational forces in that they both involve a pulling or pushing action between objects. However, electric forces are caused by the exchange of tiny particles called electrons, while gravitational forces are caused by the exchange of tiny particles called photons. Electric forces are much weaker than gravitational forces, but they still play an important role in holding atoms together and controlling the movement of materials like electricity and water.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a grouping of people in a social setting. The closer together the people are, the more they interact with each other. Similarly, electrons that are closer to each other have a stronger interaction than those that are farther apart.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
As electrons orbit the nucleus of an atom, their positions can be mapped out using orbital diagrams. Each type of orbital diagram represents a different way that these electrons can be arranged around the nucleus. The s-orbital diagram is shaped like a sphere and shows how the electron is most likely to be found near the nucleus. The p-orbital diagram is shaped like a dumbbell and shows how the electron can be spread out over two different areas near the nucleus. The d-orbital diagram is shaped like a four-leaf clover and shows how the electron can be spread out over four different areas near the nucleus	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a playground. In this analogy, the nucleus is the school building and the electrons are the children playing on the playground. The orbitals are different areas on the playground where the children can play. Each orbital has a certain shape and size that determines how many children can fit in it at one time.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The first line of defense in the body is like a bouncer at a club. He checks IDs and decides who gets in. If there is an issue, he takes care of it before it becomes a problem. The first line of defense in the body is responsible for keeping out anything that could harm us, including bacteria, viruses, and other invaders.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Just as the body has a first line of defense against outside invaders like bacteria and viruses, so too does society have institutions that serve as its first line of defense against harm. These might include the police, the military, and other law enforcement agencies.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The first line of defense in the body is analogous to a soldier guarding an entrance. The soldier is alert and ready to take action if necessary. Similarly, the first line of defense in the body consists of cells that are constantly monitoring the environment for potential threats. If a threat is detected, these cells will activate and work to neutralize it.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Macrophages are like the police of the body. They patrol around looking for things that don't belong and then they get rid of them.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A macrophage is like a police officer on the streets. They are always patrolling and looking for anything that seems out of place. If they see something, they will investigate it to make sure everything is okay.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Macrophages can be thought of as the police officers of the immune system. They patrol the body, looking for signs of infection or other problems. When they find something that needs attention, they take action to fix it.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
T-helper cells are like the police officers of the immune system. They help to coordinate and direct the other cells in order to fight off infection or disease.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
T-helper cells are like the police officers of the immune system. They help to coordinate and direct the other cells in the immune response.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A t-helper cell is a type of white blood cell that helps activate the immune system. In much the same way that social science students are taught to think critically and analyze data, t-helper cells help orchestrate an efficient and effective immune response by directing other cells to do their jobs.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and look for signs of infection or other problems. When they find something, they sound an alarm to let other parts of the immune system know what's going on.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like the police officers of the immune system. They patrol the body for invaders, and when they find one, they sound the alarm to summon other cells that can help fight off the infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like police officers. They patrol the body and look for things that don't belong there, such as bacteria or viruses. Once they find something that doesn't belong, they sound the alarm and activate other cells in the immune system to help fight off the intruder.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are like the police of the immune system. They patrol the body and identify cells that are not supposed to be there. These cells can be cancerous or infected cells. Once they have identified a cell as being harmful, they destroy it.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are similar to police officers. They patrol the body and look for signs of infection or disease. When they find something that is not supposed to be there, they kill it off.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and identify cells that are not supposed to be there, such as cancer cells or viruses. Once they identify a cell as being harmful, they destroy it.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Bacteria are like tiny invaders that can enter the body and cause an infection. In a social science context, this might be analogous to a foreign country invading and taking over a smaller one. The bacteria can spread quickly and cause damage, just as an invading army can overrun and occupy a territory quickly. Additionally, both infections and invasions can have serious consequences for the population affected.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
When bacteria invade a host, they can cause illness. The bacteria use the host's resources to survive and replicate. This invasion can disrupt the normal function of the host organism. In social science terms, this would be akin to a group of people invading and taking over a city or country, using its resources for their own benefit.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A social science student may not be familiar with bacteria and their methods of invasion. To put it in terms that the student might be more familiar with, bacterial invasion can be likened to an army invading another country. The bacteria invade through any available opening- such as cuts or scrapes on the skin, the nose or mouth, or even open wounds. Once they are inside the body, they begin to multiply rapidly and can cause serious illness.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An action potential is like a crowd of people in a stadium who are all getting ready to cheer. The first person starts to clap and pretty soon everyone else joins in. This is because each person is influenced by the ones around them. The same thing happens with an action potential. When the first neuron fires, it sends a signal down its axon that causes the next neuron to fire. This continues until the message reaches the end of the nerve fiber.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A social science student may not be familiar with the action potential of a neuron. An action potential is like an electrical current that travels down the axon, which is like a wire, to the terminal buttons. When the current reaches the terminal buttons, it causes them to release neurotransmitters into the synapse. The neurotransmitters travel across the synapse and attach to receptor proteins on the next neuron. This starts another action potential that travels down that neuron's axon until it reaches its terminal buttons.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Action potential is like a stampede of horses. When one horse moves, it sets off a chain reaction and the rest of the horses follow. This is similar to how an action potential works in the body. One neuron fires, which causes other neurons to fire and create an action potential that travels down the spinal cord and throughout the body.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chromatography is a process that can be used to separate the different parts of a compound. For example, if you wanted to separate the red and blue ink in a pen, you could use chromatography. The different colors would travel along the paper at different speeds, and they would end up separated on the paper.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. It is similar to how we use water to separate the different colors in a rainbow. In chromatography, a solvent (usually water) is used to dissolve the mixture and then it is drawn up through a paper or plastic strip. The different compounds in the mixture will travel at different speeds so they will be separated as they move up the strip.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the individual components of a mixture. It can be used to separate molecules, atoms, or ions. The chromatograph is made up of two parts: the stationary phase and the mobile phase. The stationary phase is a solid or liquid that is placed in the column of the chromatograph. The mobile phase is a liquid that flows through the column and carries the individual components of the mixture with it. As each component passes through the column, it interacts differently with both phases. This interaction causes them to move at different speeds and allows for their separation.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Stars are like people. The main-sequence lifetime is the length of time a star spends burning hydrogen in its core to create energy. This is the most stable and long-lived phase of a star's life. Like people, once stars exhaust their fuel, they enter into an unstable phase and die.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Stars spend the majority of their lives on the main sequence. This is because they fuse hydrogen into helium in their cores, and this process creates energy that powers the star. The more mass a star has, the longer it will stay on the main sequence. So, smaller stars will exhaust their fuel and leave the main sequence sooner than larger stars.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Stars are like people in that they have a lifespan. The main-sequence lifetime is the length of time a star spends burning hydrogen in its core. This is the most stable stage in a star's life, and it lasts for billions of years. Once all of the hydrogen has been used up, the star will begin to die, first becoming a red giant and then eventually a white dwarf.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The nucleus of an atom is like the president and CEO of a company. The nucleus controls everything that goes on in the atom, just as the president oversees all operations in a company. It is very important to have a competent and effective nucleus for both the atom and the company to function properly.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The nucleus of an atom is much like the nucleus of a family. Just as the nuclear family is responsible for passing down their genes to future generations, the atomic nucleus is responsible for passing down its protons and neutrons to future atoms. Additionally, just as families can be divided into more specific groups (extended family, clan, tribe), atoms can be divided into more specific particles (protons, neutrons, electrons).	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Nucleus is like the brain of a cell. It contains all of the chromosomes and genetic material for that cell. It directs the activities of the cell and controls what it produces.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are similar to factories in a city. The factories take raw materials and turn them into finished products. Ribosomes do the same thing with proteins. They take the amino acids that are encoded by DNA and turn them into proteins.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They produce all of the proteins that the cell needs to function.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are similar to factories in a city. The factories take in raw materials and turn them into products that are used by the people in the city. Ribosomes do the same thing with proteins. They take in the genetic information from DNA and turn it into proteins that are used by cells.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that helps to process and package proteins for transport within the cell. It can be thought of as something like a post office, where parcels are received, sorted, and dispatched. The Golgi apparatus receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), modifies them according to requirements, and then sends them off to their final destination.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is analogous to the postal service. It takes packages (molecules) from one part of the cell and delivers them to another. The Golgi apparatus receives molecules from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and sends them out to other parts of the cell.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like the postal service in a city. It takes all of the individual letters that have been delivered to different parts of the city and brings them together to create one large package. The Golgi apparatus does something similar with proteins, gathering them from different parts of the cell and bringing them together to create new proteins.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the stomach of a cell. They digest food and break it down into molecules that the cell can use.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling centers of cells. They digest and break down old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids into reusable molecules. This process is called autophagy (self-eating). Lysosomes also help to rid cells of invading viruses and bacteria.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are the "garbage cans" of cells. They digest and break down old or damaged proteins, organelles, and other cellular debris. This process is called autolysis. Lysosomes also play a role in cell signaling and can fuse with other vesicles to transfer their contents (e.g., enzymes) to other parts of the cell.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The nuclear envelope is the boundary that separates the nucleus of a cell from the rest of the cytoplasm. It is made up of two lipid bilayers, each with embedded proteins, that create a selectively permeable barrier. This allows molecules to move in and out of the nucleus while preventing larger objects from entering. The nuclear envelope also helps protect the genetic material inside the nucleus from damage.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The nuclear envelope is like a wall that separates the nucleus of the cell from the rest of the cell. It helps to control what enters and leaves the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The nuclear envelope is like a bouncer at a nightclub. It's responsible for controlling what goes in and out of the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is like a small room or compartment in the cell that is used to store things.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is like a small, empty room inside a house. It's not used for anything in particular, but it's there if you need it.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Imagine you are a social science student. Vacuoles are like the spaces in between people in a crowd. They are not visible, but they are there and they play an important role in how the group functions.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cytoplasm is the plasma membrane of a cell which contains the organelles. It is like the country and the government within it (the organelles). The cells make up tissues, which make up organs, which make up systems in our body.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytoplasm is like the water in a river. It surrounds and supports the cells that make up the organism just as the river's water supports the rocks, plants, and fish within it. The cytoplasm contains important biochemical molecules and organelles that help to keep the cells alive and functioning.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cytoplasm can be thought of as the "lifeblood" of a cell. It is a thick, soupy material that fills the cell and contains all of the cellular organelles. Cytoplasm also provides a medium through which nutrients and oxygen diffuse into and out of the cell, and it helps to stabilize the internal environment of the cell.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes can be thought of as the genetic 'blueprints' for an organism. They are composed of DNA, and carry the instructions for constructing all the proteins an organism needs. In humans, chromosomes come in pairs - one inherited from each parent.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes can be thought of as analogous to the human genome. Just as chromosomes are composed of DNA, the human genome is composed of DNA. Chromosomes carry genetic information and instructions for how a particular organism should develop and function. Genes, which are located on chromosomes, provide specific instructions for the development and functioning of individual organisms. Similarly, social scientists study the genetic makeup (i.e., genes) of populations in order to understand how they interact with their environment and evolve over time	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes are like a recipe for how to make a person. They have all the instructions needed to create a human being.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cytosol is like the water in a fish tank. It surrounds all of the cells in the fish tank and provides them with what they need to survive. Cytosol is made up of proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, minerals, and other small molecules. It helps to keep the cells in the fish tank healthy by providing them with nutrients and removing waste products.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytosol is like the water in a fish tank. It surrounds and supports all of the cells in the fish tank. Likewise, the cytosol surrounds and supports all of the cells in our body.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytosol is like the water in a lake. It is mostly made up of H2O, but it also contains dissolved minerals and other chemicals. The cytosol provides a medium for cells to communicate with each other and to carry out their functions.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell is the smallest living unit of an organism. It is made up of a membrane, cytoplasm, and DNA. The cell membrane separates the inside of the cell from its environment and controls what enters and leaves the cell. The cytoplasm contains organelles which perform different functions in the cell such as producing energy or making proteins. The DNA stores genetic information which determines how a particular organism will grow and develop.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A social science student may not be familiar with the concept of a cell. A cell is the smallest unit of life. It is the basic building block of all living things. Cells are very small and can only be seen under a microscope.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A social science student might not understand the concept of a cell if you were to try and explain it in terms of their area of study. A more appropriate analogy would be to compare cells to cities. Just as each city has its own unique set of buildings, roads, and inhabitants, each cell has its own unique set of proteins, organelles, and DNA. Cells are also organized into hierarchical structures; just as cities are divided into neighborhoods, suburbs, and downtown areas, cells are divided into the nucleus (downtown), the cytoplasm (the suburbs), and the membrane (the outskirts).	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold things in it. Vesicles are found inside of cells and they help to carry things around inside the cell.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
In the social sciences, vesicles are like tiny bubbles that contain important information. They can be released by people or organizations to communicate with others. The information inside them is often confidential and helps to build relationships and trust.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold things in it. In biology, vesicles are often used to store and transport molecules within the cell.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell wall is like a fence that surrounds the property. It helps to keep things in and out of the property. The cell wall also helps to protect the cells inside from damage.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell wall is like a fence that surrounds a yard. The fence helps to keep things in the yard and keeps people from coming into the yard without permission. The cell wall does the same thing for cells. It helps to keep things in the cell and keeps other cells from coming into the cell.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell wall is like a fortress that protects the cells inside from invaders. It is made up of tough, rigid materials that can keep out bacteria and other unwanted guests.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as a city is made up of many individual houses, cells are the smallest unit of an organism. Cells come in many shapes and sizes, and each has a specific job to do in order for the organism to survive.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cells are like people in a social science class. They are small and each has its own job, but they all work together to create something larger than themselves. Cells come in different shapes and sizes, just as people do. And cells can be divided into smaller parts, just as people can be divided into smaller groups.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cells are like the people in a country. The cells make up the tissues and organs of the body just as the citizens make up the government and society. Cells work together to keep everything functioning, just as people work together to keep their country running smoothly.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
 Imagine the cell membrane as a border or fence. It is what separates the inside of the cell from everything else outside. The material of the fence can be thought of as being made up of cells that are joined together. Just like in a real border fence, there are gates (called pores) in the membrane that allow things to move back and forth between the inside and outside of the cell.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a border or gatekeeper between the inside and outside of the cell. It is made up of a lipid bilayer, which is composed of two layers of fatty molecules. The purpose of the cell membrane is to selectively allow certain substances to enter or exit the cell.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell membrane can be thought of as a social group's borders. Just as a country has physical borders to keep people in or out, a cell has a membrane that regulates what goes in and out. The membrane is made up of molecules called lipids, which form a barrier that keeps things like proteins and DNA from crossing the border.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi body is a bit like the post office in that it handles the delivery and sorting of parcels (in this case, proteins). It receives proteins from other parts of the cell, modifies them, and then sends them off to their final destination.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The golgi body is similar to a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from the cell's nucleus and distributes them to other parts of the cell.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Golgi body can be thought of as the postal service of the cell. It is responsible for sorting and delivering proteins to their appropriate destinations within the cell.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Capacitance is a measure of how much electric charge can be stored in an object. It is analogous to the amount of water that can be held in a container.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A capacitor is a device that stores electrical energy in an electric field. It does this by having two metal plates separated by an insulator. The more charge you put on the plates, the more energy the capacitor can store.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A capacitor is like a tank of water. The more water you have in the tank, the higher the pressure will be at the bottom of the tank. Similarly, capacitance is a measure of how much electric charge can be stored in an object. The more charge that is stored, the higher the voltage will be on the object.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric current can be thought of as the flow of electricity through a wire. Just like water flowing through a pipe, electricity flows through wires in a certain direction. The strength of the current is measured in amperes (amps).	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity flowing through a wire. Just as rivers flow downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage. This makes it possible to power lights and appliances with electricity.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric current is much like a river of electricity. It flows steadily and can power things as it goes. Just like a river, electric current can be used to do work (like turn on a light) or it can be harnessed to create energy (like in a hydroelectric dam).	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Voltage can be thought of as the "pressure" behind an electric current. Just as water pressure is necessary to move water through a pipe, voltage is necessary to move electrons through a conductor.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Voltage is like the electricity in your house. It's what makes the lights turn on, the TV work, and the refrigerator run. Voltage is a measure of how much power is flowing through a circuit.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. Just as water flows downhill under the influence of gravity, electric current will flow through a conductor (like metal) when voltage is applied. The higher the voltage, the more force it has to push electrons along and the greater electrical potential energy it possesses.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell is like a small city. It has specialized areas for different functions, such as housing, manufacturing, and transportation. The cells also communicate with each other to coordinate their activities.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
In a cell, specialization is the process by which different parts of the cell carry out specific functions. For example, in a human cell, the nucleus carries out the function of DNA replication and transcription, while the cytoplasm carries out protein synthesis. Communication between different specialized parts of a cells allows them to work together to carry out complex tasks. In social science terms, this would be analogous to communication between different departments in a company or organization. This communication allows each department to understand its role within the larger whole and to cooperatively achieve common goals.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A single cell is a community of specialized bacteria that each carry out a specific job in order to keep the cell alive and functioning. For example, some bacteria are responsible for digesting food, others produce energy, and still others maintain the cell's structure. In order for these different bacteria to work together efficiently, they must be able to communicate with one another. This communication occurs through chemical signals that allow the cells to share information about what type of jobs need to be done and when they should be done.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Kirchoff's voltage law is a statement that the algebraic sum of voltages around a loop is zero. This means that if you start at any point in a circuit and follow the path of the electrons, the total voltage they experience will be zero when they reach their starting point again. This law is important for understanding how electrical circuits work, because it allows us to calculate the voltages across different parts of a circuit without actually having to measure them.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Just as there is a flow of water in a river, so too is there a flow of electricity in wires. This flow is called voltage. Kirchoff's Voltage Law states that the sum of all voltages around a closed loop is zero. In other words, the total amount of electricity flowing into and out of any point in a circuit must be equal	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of all voltages around a loop is zero. This analogy can be used to explain this law in terms of social science. Imagine a group of people standing in a circle, with each person holding hands with the people on either side of them. If you were to walk around the outside of the circle, your journey would trace out a loop. Now imagine that as you walked, you counted how many volts (energy) passed through your body from one person to the next. You would find that the total amount of energy passing through your body was zero; no matter where you went in the circle, the sum of all voltages would be zero. This is because when two people are holding hands, they share their energy equally between them.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A density wave is like a crowd of people walking through a city. The people are clustered together in some areas and spread out in other areas.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A density wave is a phenomenon that can be observed in social settings. Just as waves can be seen on the surface of water, density waves can be seen in human populations. These waves are caused by changes in the population's distribution of people. For example, when a large group of people moves into an area, the wave will move outward from that point. Density waves often occur during times of rapid population growth or movement.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A density wave is a type of social movement that occurs when people move in groups to occupy a certain space. The wave can be seen as it moves through the area, and often leaves behind evidence of its presence (e.g., trash, graffiti, etc.).	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help the body do its work. They are found in all living things and help break down food, make new cells, and heal wounds.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help to break down food in our bodies. They work by attaching themselves to the food, and then using their energy to chop it up into smaller pieces. This makes it easier for our digestive system to take in and use.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are produced by the liver and work to break down food into molecules that the body can use for energy or to build new cells.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The human active memory system can be compared to a computer's random access memory (RAM). The RAM is where the computer keeps the programs and data that are currently being used. When you need to use a program or open a file, your computer quickly retrieves it from the RAM. The human active memory works in much the same way. We keep information in our active memory as long as we need it so that we can easily access it when we need it. For instance, if you are having a conversation with someone, you will likely remember most of what they said after the conversation is over. That information was stored in your active memory while you were talking to them and was then quickly forgotten once you stopped talking.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Your brain can be thought of as a computer. When you are born, your brain has a lot of space to store information. As you learn new things, bits and pieces of information are stored in different parts of your brain. This is like saving files on your computer's hard drive. Just as important files can get scattered all over your computer, important bits of information can get scattered throughout your brain.The active memory system is like the RAM (random access memory) on your computer. It is what you use when you are working on something and need to remember a phone number or an address. The active memory system keeps the most important information right at hand so that you can use it when you need it.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as a library. The library has many shelves, and each shelf is filled with books. In order to find a specific book, you must know the title or author of the book. Once you know where the book is located, you can pull it off the shelf and read it. The human active memory system works in a similar way. In order to remember something, you must first encode it into your brain. This encoding process involves creating a mental representation of the information that can be stored in your active memory. Once the information is encoded, you can access it later by recalling themental representation that was created during encoding.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step is the slowest step in a reaction. It determines how fast or slow the reaction will happen.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
When two people are talking, the rate-determining step is the moment when one person stops talking and the other person starts.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a chemical reaction. This step determines the overall speed of a reaction. In social science, the rate-determining step is often the most important part of a process, as it determines how quickly something can happen.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate mixtures of compounds. The mixture is placed in a column and then a solvent (usually water) is pumped through the column. The different compounds in the mixture will move at different rates through the column, so they can be separated.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is poured into a column and then a solvent is slowly added. As the solvent travels up the column, it pulls the different components of the mixture out of the column one by one. The components are then collected at different points along the column, depending on how quickly they travel through the solvent.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the different compounds in a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and then a solvent is slowly added. The different compounds will travel through the column at different speeds, so they can be separated.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a group of friends who are all equally popular. No one person in the group is more popular than any other, and they all get along well. In the same way, at dynamic chemical equilibrium, the concentrations of all the reactants and products are equal.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Just as a population of bacteria in a Petri dish will eventually reach equilibrium where the number of live and dead bacteria is the same, so too will chemical reactions in a closed system (like a beaker or flask) reach equilibrium where the reactants are converted into products at the same rate they are formed. This state is called dynamic chemical equilibrium, and it occurs when there is no net change in concentration of any of the chemicals involved in the reaction.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium can be best described as a situation in which two opposing forces are balanced. In the social science context, this might be used to describe a political system in which there is a balance of power between different groups.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A vacuole can be compared to a container in which things are stored. In the context of cells, vacuoles store water, food, and other materials.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is a bit like a stomach in that it helps the cell to digest food. It also helps the cell to get rid of waste products.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is like a storage container in a cell. It can store different materials, such as water, food, or waste products.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
In transport vesicles, goods or materials are transported from one part of a cell to another. The process is similar to how goods are transported in a city. In both cases, there is a delivery system that moves the goods around. In cells, this delivery system is made up of tiny vesicles that travel through the cytoplasm. Like streets in a city, the cytoplasm has pathways that allow the vesicles to move easily from one place to another.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a small bus that transports materials (like proteins) between different parts of the cell. The material is loaded onto the bus in one location, and then unloaded at its destination.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A transport vesicle is like a bus. It transports proteins and other molecules around the cell.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A proto-oncogene is like a "risk factor" for cancer. Just as smoking cigarettes increases your risk of lung cancer, having a proto-oncogene increases your risk of developing cancer. However, not everyone who smokes will develop lung cancer, and not everyone with a proto-oncogene will develop cancer. Many other factors (such as exposure to carcinogens) also contribute to the development of cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the early warning signs of cancer. Just like a social science student might be alerted to potential problems in their community by watching for early warning signs, proto-oncogenes allow cells to monitor their own health and correct any problems before they become serious. If something goes wrong, these genes can start promoting tumor growth, leading to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Proto-oncogenes are like a group of people who have the potential to become criminals. They may not have committed any crimes yet, but they have the potential to do so. Oncogenes, on the other hand, are like criminals who have already committed crimes.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Oncogenes are like viruses that can cause cancer. They are genes that have the potential to turn normal cells into cancer cells.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Oncogenes are like the "tumor suppressor genes" - they can be thought of as the brakes on cell growth. Normally, when a cell receives a signal to divide, it will first check to see if its oncogenes are turned on. If they are, the cell will hold off on dividing, because it knows that doing so could lead to cancer. Cancer occurs when cells start dividing unchecked, thanks to mutations in their tumor suppressor genes.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An oncogene is a gene that can cause cancer. It is similar to a "normal" gene in that it is made up of DNA and is used to create proteins. However, oncogenes have the ability to turn cells into cancer cells. This can happen if the oncogene is mutated (changed), or if it becomes overactive.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police officers of the body. They help to keep cells from growing out of control and becoming tumors.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Tumor suppressor genes can be thought of as the police force of the cell. They are responsible for making sure that cells do not grow and divide out of control, which could lead to the development of a tumor.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a policeman in the city. The policeman's job is to keep the city safe by arresting criminals and preventing crime. In the same way, tumor suppressor genes keep our cells safe by arresting tumors (preventing them from growing) and repairing damaged DNA.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A brittle software system is one that breaks easily and is difficult to fix. It might be compared to a ceramic mug that shatters when dropped on the floor. A social science student might understand this analogy by thinking about how social systems are often unpredictable and can easily break down when stressors are applied.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Brittle software is like a house of cards. In order for it to remain standing, every component must be strong and in balance. If even one card is moved or removed, the entire structure falls apart.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
 brittle software is like a ceramic cup. It looks strong and sturdy, but if you drop it or hit it with too much force, it will shatter into pieces.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Resonance hybrid is a model that combines the best features of two or more theories to provide a more accurate description of a phenomenon. It is often used in social science when there are competing theories that cannot be easily reconciled.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Resonance hybrids are molecules formed by atoms that have multiple electrons in their outer shells. These atoms can share their electrons with other atoms, forming covalent bonds. In some cases, the sharing of electrons can create a special type of bond called a resonance hybrid. This occurs when two or more Lewis structures for a molecule can be drawn, and each structure has different electron-pair distributions. The bonding in the resonance hybrid is not as strong as it would be in any of the individual Lewis structures, but it is stronger than if the atoms just shared electrons equally.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A resonance hybrid is a molecule that is made up of more than one type of atom. These atoms are held together by chemical bonds. The different types of atoms in the molecule will vibrate at their own frequencies. When these frequencies are combined, they create a new frequency that is higher than any of the individual frequencies. This new frequency is what makes the resonance hybrid possible.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A wave mechanical model is similar to a ripple effect. When something disturbs the surface of water, it creates a ripple that travels outward. The disturbance (in this case, the object) is the cause of the waves, and the waves are the result. In physics, this type of model is used to explain how energy travels through matter.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A wave mechanical model is a way of understanding the behavior of particles in a system. In social science, this might be used to understand how people interact with each other or how groups behave. The wave mechanical model uses equations to describe the movement of particles and their interactions. This can help to explain things like diffusion, momentum, and energy transfer.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A wave mechanical model is similar to a ripple in a pond. The disturbance (ripple) starts at one point and spreads outwards until it becomes undetectable. In terms of waves, this can be thought of as the crest or high point of the wave travelling from the source to the end.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An EEG is a lot like taking the temperature of a room. You can get an idea of what is going on in the room by measuring the average temperature. An EEG does something similar, it measures the average voltage between different points on someone's scalp. This gives you an idea of what is going on in that person's brain.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An electroencephalogram is a machine that measures and records the electrical activity of your brain.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
An electroencephalogram is a test that measures the electrical activity in your brain. This test is used to help diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures or tumors.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Replication is like making a copy of a file on your computer. The original file remains unchanged, but you have a copy of it that you can work with. DNA replication is similar - the original DNA molecule remains unchanged, but each strand of DNA is copied to create two new strands.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a photocopier. The genetic information in the original DNA molecule is copied, and each copy contains all of the information from the original.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Replication of DNA is similar to making a copy of a document. The original document is the DNA, and the copies are the daughter cells.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
RNA transcription is a bit like making a copy of a document. The original document is the DNA, and the copied document is the RNA.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Rna transcription is similar to a social science student writing an essay. The rna transcriptor is the writer, and the genes are the topic of the essay. The rna transcriptor assembles the correct sequence of nucleotides based on the genetic code in order to create a strand of rna. This strand of rna will then be used as a template for protein synthesis.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Rna transcription is similar to a social science student taking notes in class. The rna molecule is like the student, and the base pairs are like the words on the blackboard. As the teacher speaks, the student writes down what she says. In this way, the information is copied from one place to another.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Protein translation is a bit like making a sandwich. The bread is the mRNA and the meat, cheese and veggies are the protein. The translator (enzyme) is like the chef, who assembles everything in just the right way so that it's delicious!	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
In social science, one might learn about the translations of ancient manuscripts. Protein translation is similar in that it involves taking the original message and making a new version, but with proteins instead of words. In order to create a protein, the genetic code must be read and converted into an amino acid sequence. This process happens in the cytoplasm of cells and is directed by transfer RNAs (tRNAs). Each tRNA binds to a specific codon on the mRNA strand and brings along its corresponding amino acid. The ribosome then links these amino acids together to form a protein molecule.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Protein translation is the process of converting genetic code into proteins. Proteins play a major role in all aspects of biology, including cell structure, metabolism and signaling. In social science, proteins can be thought of as analogous to institutions. Just as proteins are essential for life, institutions are essential for human societies to function. Like proteins, institutions undergo constant change; they evolve over time in response to new needs and challenges.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A social science student might not be familiar with the term 'ecosystem'. An ecosystem can be thought of as a community of living things and their physical environment. The community of living things includes plants, animals, and microorganisms. The physical environment includes the air, water, soil, and climate. Ecosystems vary in size from a single tree to an entire rainforest.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a community of different species that interact with each other and their environment. The relationships between the species in an ecosystem are important, because they determine how the ecosystem functions. For example, if one species is removed from an ecosystem, it can have a ripple effect on the rest of the organisms in the community.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ecosystems are like large social groups. Just as a group of people has many different parts (e.g., the elderly, children, parents), an ecosystem has many different parts (plants, animals, bacteria). Each part of the ecosystem plays an important role in keeping the system functioning. For example, if there were no plants to convert sunlight into energy, then there would be no food for the animals.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An action potential is a lot like an avalanche. It starts with a tiny bit of snow at the top of the mountain and builds as it travels down, picking up speed and power along the way. An action potential starts with a neurotransmitter molecule being released from one neuron and hitting a receptor on another. This causes Na+ ions to flood into the second neuron, which in turn causes even more molecules of neurotransmitter to be released. This triggers yet more Na+ ions to flood in, and so on, until finally enough voltage has built up that an electrical impulse fires down the neuron, carrying the signal on to its target.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
When an action potential is generated by the dendrite of a neuron, it travels down the axon to the terminal buttons. When it reaches the terminal buttons, neurotransmitters are released into the synapse and diffuse across to the next neuron. This process continues until the message reaches its target, such as a muscle or gland cell.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A social science student may think of an action potential traveling down a neuron as similar to the spreading of news or rumors through a community.just as rumors tend to grow and change as they spread, so too does the strength (amplitude) of an action potential increase as it travels down a neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Breathing mechanism of frogs can be explained using an analogy of a bellows. The lungs (thoracic cavity) act like the two sides of a bellows, alternately expanding and contracting to draw air in and push it out. The air is drawn in through the nostrils and pushed out through the mouth. Frogs also have a small hole (the glottis) between the vocal chords that can be closed off to keep water from entering their lungs when they are underwater.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Breathing mechanism of frogs can be explained using an analogy of a car. Like a car, the frog's body has an engine (heart), fuel (blood) and exhaust system (lungs). The heart pumps blood throughout the body. The blood carries oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body. carbon dioxide, a waste product produced by cells, is carried from other parts of the body back to the lungs, where it is exhaled.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Breathing mechanism of frogs can be explained as the process of inhaling and exhaling air to exchange oxygen for carbon dioxide. This is done by the frog's lungs, which are located in its chest cavity. When the frog inhales, it brings fresh air into its lungs. The air passes through tiny blood vessels called capillaries, where the oxygen is released from the air and exchanged for carbon dioxide. The carbon dioxide then travels back through other blood vessels to the frog's stomach, where it is expelled during exhalation.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Layered architecture is similar to the hierarchy of a social institution, such as a school. The top layer is the board of directors or principal who sets the overall policy and direction for the organization. The next layer down are the administrators who carry out the policies set by the board and manage specific areas of operation. Below them are the teachers who educate students, and finally, at the bottom of the pyramid are the students themselves. Each layer relies on those below it to do their job effectively in order to achieve success for all.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A layered architecture is like a cake. It has different layers, with each layer having a specific purpose. The bottom layer is the foundation, and it supports the rest of the cake. The next layer is the crust, which gives the cake structure and protects it from becoming soggy. Next are the filling and toppings, which add flavor and sweetness to the cake. Finally, there is the frosting on top, which makes it look pretty and finished.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Layered architecture is a way of organizing computer systems so that programs and data are isolated from each other. This makes it easier to change or update one part of the system without affecting the others. It also makes it easier to protect sensitive data, since unauthorized users can be limited to accessing only certain parts of the system.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A limiting reactant is a substance that limits the amount of product that can be formed from a chemical reaction. The excess reactant is the remainder of the chemicals after the limiting reactant has been used up.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A limiting reactant is a chemical that limits the amount of product that can be produced in a chemical reaction. An excess reactant is a chemical that is present in more than the necessary amount to produce the desired product.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
In a chemical reaction, the reactants are the substances that start to change form and the products are the substances that are produced as a result of the reaction. A limiting reactant is a reactant that's used up first in a reaction. The excess reactant is thereactant that's left over after the limiting reactant is gone.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A social science student may not be familiar with the term "eukaryotic cell." A eukaryotic cell is a type of cell in a living organism. It is distinguished from other types of cells by its size and complexity. Eukaryotic cells are typically much larger than prokaryotic cells (the other major type of cell), and they possess a number of internal organelles that prokaryotic cells lack, such as the nucleus, which contains the organism's genetic material.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a society. It has a hierarchy, with different parts working together to keep the whole functioning. The nucleus is like the government, providing overall guidance and leadership. The cytoplasm is like the economy, with different organelles producing goods and services that keep the cell alive. The plasma membrane is like the border, protecting the cell from outside invaders while allowing needed materials to enter.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a country. The nucleus is the capital, and it contains all of the important genetic information. The cytoplasm is the territory, and it contains all of the cellular machinery necessary for life. The organelles are like provinces, each with their own specific function.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. It has a population, and it has buildings to house the population. The cells in the town share some common features, but each one is unique. Some of the cells are responsible for keeping the town running, while others are just there to live their lives.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell can be thought of as an individual in a social science context. Just as an individual has certain basic needs (food, shelter, clothing), a prokaryotic cell must have certain things to survive (nutrients, water, oxygen). Prokaryotic cells also communicate with one another and cooperate to achieve common goals (such as reproduction).	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell can be seen as a basic, individual unit of life. It is relatively simple in structure and function when compared to more complex cells, such as those found in animals and plants. Prokaryotic cells do not have a defined nucleus or other specialized organelles; their genetic material is dispersed throughout the cell cytoplasm. They are also generally smaller than eukaryotic cells. In social science terms, prokaryotic cells might be thought of as equivalent to individuals in a population—simple, undifferentiated units that make up the whole.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An operating system kernel is like the brain of a computer. It controls all of the important functions and makes sure that everything runs smoothly. Just as our brains coordinate all of the different parts of our bodies, an operating system kernel coordinates all of the different functions of a computer.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The kernel is the most important component of an operating system. It is responsible for managing all of the other components, and it provides low-level services to applications. In a social science context, the kernel might be seen as analogous to the government or ruling class. It manages all aspects of society, and provides basic services to its citizens (or applications).	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Operating systems kernel can be analogized to the human brain. The kernel is the core of the operating system, managing resources and providing basic services. Just as importantly, it acts as a buffer between user applications and the underlying hardware—allowing different programs to run simultaneously without crashing the computer. In much the same way, our brains manage multiple tasks at once and protect us from information overload.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A limiting reactant is a chemical that limits the amount of product that can be formed in a chemical reaction. In social science, a limiting reactant might be something like poverty which limits the opportunities and resources available to people.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A limiting reactant is a chemical reactant that becomes exhausted first during a chemical reaction. In social science, a limiting reactant can be thought of as a resource that becomes depleted first during a social interaction. For example, in an argument, the patience of one person may become the limiting reactant.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A limiting reactant is a substance that limits the amount of product that can be formed in a chemical reaction. In social science, a limiting reactant could be something like money. The more money someone has, the more they can buy and the more they can produce. However, if someone doesn't have enough money, they will reach a limit on what they can buy and produce.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Helicase is a protein that helps to unwind DNA strands. It can be thought of as a “unraveler” of the DNA molecule. This is important for cells because it allows them to use the genetic information inside the DNA to create new proteins.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Helicase is a protein that unwinds the DNA double helix so that the genetic information can be accessed and used to create new proteins. To use an analogy, helicase is like a postal worker who unlocks the door to each individual letterbox so that the mail inside can be delivered. In this analogy, DNA is like letters in a mailbox, and new proteins are like the mail that is delivered from them.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Helicase is like a zipper on a coat. It helps to separate the two strands of DNA so that they can be copied.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the glue that holds DNA together. They help to keep the strands of DNA together and in place, which is necessary for replication to take place.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins are like the bouncers of a night club. They help to keep unwanted people out and make sure that only those who are supposed to be there can get in. In this analogy, the DNA is the nightclub and the replication binding proteins are the bouncers.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Binding proteins are like the glue that holds DNA together. They attach to the DNA molecule and help keep it stable. This is important for replication, because if the DNA molecule was not stable, it would break apart during replication. Binding proteins help ensure that replication is successful and accurate.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to stitch DNA strands together. It is similar to a social science student who stitches together different ideas to create a new thesis. The ligase protein helps to keep the DNA strands together, just as the social science student keeps their ideas organized and connected.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ligase is the enzyme that helps join DNA strands together. It is like a social science student because it helps to connect different parts of something (in this case, DNA) and make them work together as one unit.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two pieces of DNA together. It acts as a kind of glue, holding the two strands together. This process is called ligation.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Process Control Blocks can be thought of as traffic controllers in an airport. They make sure that the planes are taking off and landing safely, with minimal delays. In the same way, process control blocks monitor and regulate the processes on a computer, making sure that they run smoothly and without errors.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A process control block is a tool used in manufacturing to ensure that products are made consistently and according to specification. The block measures various characteristics of the product as it is being manufactured and compares them to targets set by engineers. If any of the measurements fall outside of acceptable limits, the machine automatically stops so that the issue can be corrected. This ensures that all products are made uniformly and under controlled conditions.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A process control block is like a traffic light. It helps to regulate the flow of traffic and keep things moving smoothly. In the same way, a process control block helps to regulate the flow of data and keep everything running smoothly in a computer system.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Message encoding is the process of translating a message from one form into another. For example, when you send a text message, your phone converts the words you type into a code that can be transmitted over the cellular network. When your recipient receives the message, their phone reverses the process and displays the text on the screen.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Message encoding is the process of transforming a message into a format that can be transmitted or stored. This can involve translating text into an audio or visual format, or compressing data so that it takes up less space.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Message encoding is the process of transforming a message into a format that can be transmitted. This might involve adding special codes or symbols to the message to help ensure it is received properly.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Just as two people can interact and affect one another, drugs can interact with receptor sites on cells to produce a response. The drug is like the person, while the receptor site is like the other person's mood or personality. If the drug is happy and upbeat, it might make the receptor site feel happy too. However, if the drug is angry or sad, it might make the receptor site feel that way too.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Drugs can be thought of as people and receptor sites can be thought of as social gatherings. When two people meet, there is interaction between them. The same is true for drugs and receptor sites. When a drug meets up with a receptor site, they interact and the drug's effects are felt.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think about the relationship between drugs and receptor sites is to imagine them as two dancers. The drug is the lead dancer, and the receptor site is the follower. The drug tells the receptor site what to do—when to start dancing, when to stop, how fast to move, etc.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A monitor is a device used to view information. In the social sciences, monitors can be used to view data about people, groups, and organizations. Monitors can provide insights into how people interact with each other, how groups function, and how organizations operate.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A monitor is similar to a television screen. It allows people to see what is happening on the other side of the world. Monitors can also be used for security purposes, as they allow people to see what is going on in their home or office when they are not there.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A monitor is like a television. It displays pictures and text that people can see. Monitors are used in social science to show information about experiments, surveys, and other research projects.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A computer's Central Processing Unit (CPU) is like its brain. It controls the operations of the computer, handling tasks such as retrieving data from storage and sending output to a display or printer. The CPU is also responsible for running programs, which are sets of instructions that tell the computer what to do.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A CPU is like a brain. It can be thought of as the "central processing unit" of a computer - its primary function is to process data. In the same way that our brains allow us to think, reason, and interact with the world around us, CPUs allow computers to do the same.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Your computer's central processing unit (CPU) is its brain. It handles all the data processing for whatever you're working on—whether it's a spreadsheet, a word document, or a web page. The more powerful your CPU, the faster your computer will run and the more tasks it can handle simultaneously.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The motherboard is like the skeleton of a human body. It is the main frame that everything else hangs off of. Similarly, in a computer, the motherboard is the main circuit board that all other components plug into.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The motherboard is like the foundation of a house. It holds everything together and provides a base for everything else. In the same way, the motherboard in a computer is responsible for connecting all of the different parts of the system and allowing them to communicate with each other.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A motherboard is like the skeleton of a human. It's what all of the other bones attach to and it provides support. In the same way, a motherboard provides the foundation for all of the other components in a computer. It connects everything together and allows information to flow between them.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ram is the male of a sheep. Rams are used for their meat and wool.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ram can be thought of as a type of computer memory. It is used to store data that is currently being processed by the CPU. This allows the CPU to access information more quickly, which can improve system performance.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ram is an animal that is used for transportation. It has horns on its head that it uses to attack predators and defend itself.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A power supply unit (PSU) is like the heart of a computer. It takes AC power from the wall and converts it to DC power that the computer can use. A PSU also has fans to keep it cool, and some have lights to indicate when it's turned on.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A power supply unit (PSU) is a component of most electronic devices that converts alternating current (AC) to direct current (DC). It is also responsible for supplying voltage to the device. A PSU usually has an AC adapter that plugs into a standard wall outlet and supplies DC power to the device.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A power supply unit (PSU) is like a transformer that steps down the voltage from the wall outlet to levels suitable for your computer. It also provides some current limiting and noise filtering. A PSU is one of the most important parts of a computer, and it's very important to select a good one if you're building your own system.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A keyboard is a tool used to input text into a computer.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A keyboard is a tool that helps people communicate with others. It has letters and numbers that people can type on to create words and sentences.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A keyboard is like a typewriter, but the keys are arranged in a different order.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is commonly used as a computer peripheral. Mice are able to navigate their surroundings by using their whiskers and sense of touch.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A mouse is like a tiny, furry creature that scurries around in the dark. It's used to help people with their computer work and can be very helpful in getting things done quickly on the screen.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Mice are small, mammalian creatures that live in close association with humans. They were introduced to North America by Europeans, and have thrived in the presence of human buildings and trash. Mice eat a variety of things, but prefer seeds, grains, and other plant material. They also eat insects and meat when it is available.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
An audio card is like a driver's license. It is an identification card that proves you are authorized to drive. An audio card is also like a passport. It proves your identity and allows you to travel to other countries.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An audio card is like a microphone for your computer. It allows you to input sound into your computer and use it for various purposes, such as making videos or recording yourself speaking.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An audio card is like a driver's license. It allows you to drive a car and proves that you are authorized to do so. An audio card is also like a passport. It proves your identity and lets you travel to other countries.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A video card is like a student's brain. It processes the information that the student sees and hears.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A video card is like a computer's central processing unit (CPU), but it is specialized for graphics. A video card has its own random access memory (RAM) and processor. The RAM stores the image data that is being processed, and the processor manipulates the image data.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A video card is like a translator between your computer's central processing unit (CPU) and the images that appear on your monitor. The video card accepts data from the CPU, interprets it into a format that can be displayed by the monitor, and then sends it to the monitor so you can see it.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The age of a tree can be determined by counting the number of rings in its trunk. Each ring corresponds to one year of growth.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The tree's age calculation is like measuring the time between two major political elections. Just as we can say that a certain number of years have passed since the most recent election, we can say that a certain number of years have passed since the tree sprouted.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A tree's age calculation is similar to a human's age calculation. Just as humans calculate their age by subtracting the year they were born from the current year, trees calculate their age by counting the number of rings present in their trunk.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen. The pyruvate then enters the mitochondria where it is broken down further to release energy that can be used by the cells.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Glycolysis is a metabolic process that breaks down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytosol of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose (sugar) into energy. This can be thought of as the first step in the cellular respiration process. In glycolysis, a molecule of glucose is broken down into two molecules of pyruvate. These molecules are then used to produce energy for the cell.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Anti-stokes scattering can be thought of as the reflection of a sound off a wall. Suppose there is someone standing on one side of a room and screaming. The sound waves will travel across the room, bounce off the other wall, and travel back to the person who made the noise. This interaction between the waves and the object they are reflecting off of is called scattering. In anti-stokes scattering, the energy of the wave is increased when it scatters off an object.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Anti-Stokes scattering is like light bouncing off a mirror. When the light hits the mirror, it reflects off of it. The angle at which the light hits the mirror will determine how much of it is reflected and how much passes through. Anti-Stokes scattering works in a similar way. It occurs when particles hit other particles and bounce off of them. The angle at which they collide will determine how much energy is transferred from one particle to another.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
When light or any type of radiation encounters an obstacle, some of the energy is reflected off the surface and some is absorbed by the object. If the object is small compared to the wavelength of light, then most of the light will be scattered in all directions. This phenomenon is called Raleigh scattering. If a beam of light passes through an area where there are many small particles, such as smoke or haze, then it will be scattered in all directions. This phenomenon is called Rayleigh scattering.Anti-Stokes scattering occurs when a photon collides with an atom and causes the atom to emit another photon. The emitted photon has less energy than the original photon.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Stokes scattering is the phenomenon of light scattering off small particles. The smaller the particle, the more random the scattering will be. This is why we see a blue sky - tiny oxygen and nitrogen molecules scatter short-wavelength light (blue) to a far greater degree than they scatter long-wavelength light (red).	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Stokes scattering is the process by which light particles interact with one another as they pass through a medium. This interaction can cause the light to scatter in many different directions, depending on the properties of the medium. In social science, this process can be thought of as analogous to how people interact with each other. Just like light particles, people can react in many different ways when interacting with others, depending on their individual personalities and backgrounds.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
If you imagine light as a stream of water, then stokes scattering would be like little rocks in the water creating ripples. The photons (or tiny particles of light) are passing through the air and when they hit something (like a dust particle), it scatters them in all directions. This is why the sky is blue- because all of the blue light is being scattered by the atmosphere.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a drug or poison that will kill 50% of those exposed to it. It can be used as a measure of the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that will kill half of those exposed to it. In other words, it's the dose at which 50% of people die after being exposed to it. To put this in perspective, imagine a group of 100 students lined up from tallest to shortest. The median lethal dose would be the height at which 50 students died.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance required to kill 50% of the test population. For example, if a drug has a median lethal dose of 10 grams, then it would take 10 grams of that drug to kill half the people who took it.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The universe can be thought of as a huge social network. Just as people in different parts of the world are connected to each other through various means, so too are the planets and other objects in space interconnected. The sun's energy powers all life on Earth, just as social media platforms allow people from around the globe to communicate with one another.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The universe can be thought of as a massive social network. Just as people are connected to each other through various relationships - friends, family, co-workers, etc. - the planets and other objects in space are linked together by gravitational forces. Like Facebook or Twitter, the universe has a large number of users (billions) and continues to grow every day.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The universe can be described as a large group of social science students. Each student in the group is unique, with their own personality and individual strengths and weaknesses. However, all of these students are connected to each other, and they all work together to create one cohesive whole. Just like in the universe, the social science students are constantly interacting with each other, influencing one another's lives in both positive and negative ways.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Enzyme mechanism can be analogized to a group of people working together to complete a task. The enzyme is the group, and the molecules it works on are the individual members of the group. Just as in real life, some people work harder than others, and some are more specialized in their tasks. In enzymatic terms, this means that some enzymes work better on certain types of molecule than others.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions occur in the body. They work by attaching to one molecule of a substrate (the thing that is being changed) and then another molecule of the same substrate, creating what is called an enzyme-substrate complex. This complex helps speed up the reaction between the two molecules by breaking them down into smaller pieces.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Enzyme mechanism can be compared to a group of people working together to complete a task. Each person has a specific job and is responsible for completing a certain part of the task. The people work together efficiently to complete the task quickly and accurately. Enzymes are similar in that they have a specific job to do within the cell, and they work together with other enzymes to carry out their tasks quickly and accurately.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A social science student might understand anova as a tool that allows researchers to compare the means of three or more groups. The analysis determines whether there is a statistically significant difference between the group means, and if so, which groups are different from one another.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of ANOVA is as a giant t-test. The null hypothesis in an ANOVA is that the means of all the groups are equal. If this null hypothesis is rejected, then we can conclude that there is a difference between at least two of the groups.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One of the most common ways to analyze variance in data is with ANOVA, or Analysis of Variance. This technique can be used when you have two (or more) groups of data that you want to compare. For example, let's say you wanted to know if there was a difference in test scores between boys and girls. You would gather data from a bunch of students, divide them into two groups (boys and girls), and then compare their test scores. ANOVA allows you to do this comparison in a statistically rigorous way.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A thermostat is a device that controls the temperature of a room. It does this by turning on or off the heating or cooling system, depending on the temperature that is set.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A thermostat is a device used to control the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on or off the heating or cooling system, depending on the current temperature. A social science student might understand it as a metaphor for how society regulates itself	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A thermostat is a device used to control the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on and off the heating or cooling system as needed.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Chemical equilibrium is a state in which the rates of forward and reverse reactions are equal. This means that the concentrations of reactants and products do not change with time. In order to achieve chemical equilibrium, the reaction must be reversible (i.e., have an equilibrium constant).	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Chemical equilibrium is like a seesaw. On one side of the seesaw, there are more reactants (chemical substances that start a reaction). On the other side of the seesaw, there are more products (chemicals that are produced by a reaction). The two sides stay in balance because as one side gets bigger, the other gets smaller.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chemical equilibrium is a state in which the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. This results in there being no net change in the concentration of the reactants or products. It can be thought of as a balance between opposing forces.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Just-in-time is a business model that produces goods or services only when they are needed. This eliminates the need for stockpiling, which can be expensive and wasteful. It also allows companies to respond more quickly to changes in customer demand.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Suppose you are a cook in a busy restaurant. You need to have all the ingredients for your recipes on hand, but you don't want to have too many ingredients sitting around unused in the kitchen. So you order only what you need from a supplier just before you need it. That's how just-in-time works: goods are ordered and delivered only when they are needed, so there is no waste.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Just-in-time is a manufacturing strategy that aims to reduce waste by producing only what is needed, when it is needed. This approach requires close cooperation between suppliers and manufacturers.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an auto-immune response gone haywire. In a healthy individual, adaptive immunity protects the body from pathogens by recognizing specific pieces of protein on the surface of the pathogen (antigens). The immune system produces antibodies that latch onto these antigens, which in turn flags the pathogen for destruction by other elements of the immune system. If a person's adaptive immunity is functioning properly, they will develop immunity to that particular pathogen and future exposure to it will not cause illness. However, if someone's adaptive immunity malfunctions, their body may produce antibodies that mistakenly recognize self-proteins as foreign antigens and attack them accordingly. This is what happens in autoimmune diseases like rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Social science students may not be familiar with the immune system, so an analogy could help explain it. The immune system is like a army that fights off invaders such as bacteria and viruses. It can adapt over time to better fight these invaders. This is similar to how social science students learn and adapt over time to better understand social phenomena.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a bouncer at a club. The bouncer is constantly watching the door and when someone tries to come into the club they check to see if that person is allowed in. If they are not allowed in, then the bouncer will not let them in. This is similar to adaptive immunity because it is constantly monitoring for threats and when it finds a threat it will attack it.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ohm's law can be thought of as a relationship between electric current, voltage, and resistance. It states that the current through a conductor is directly proportional to the potential difference (voltage) across it, and inversely proportional to its resistance. In other words, if you increase the voltage or decrease the resistance, the current increases; if you decrease the voltage or increase the resistance, then the current decreases.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Just as a garden hose can flow more water when the nozzle is opened wider, an electric current flows more freely through a metal wire when the voltage (pressure) is increased. Ohm's law states that this relationship between voltage and current is constant, so that if the voltage across a resistor doubles, the current through it also doubles.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor is directly proportional to the voltage across the conductor. In other words, if you increase the voltage, the current will also increase. This law is important because it allows us to calculate how much current will flow through a circuit given a certain voltage.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Transcription is the process of converting genetic information from DNA to RNA. This occurs in the nucleus of a cell and is necessary for protein synthesis.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Transcription can be thought of as a stenographer taking dictation. The DNA sequence is the speaker, and the RNA transcript is the written record of what was said.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Transcription is like taking dictation. The person giving the dictation (the transcriptionist) speaks into a machine, and the machine types out what they say.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
RNA polymerase is similar to a social science student in that it is responsible for reading and understanding the genetic instructions (gene) within a cell's DNA, and then uses these instructions to create a corresponding strand of RNA.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
RNA polymerase is a bit like a social media platform. Just as people use different platforms to share different types of information (text, photos, videos, etc.), RNA polymerases use different enzymes to create different types of RNA molecules (mRNAs, tRNAs, rRNAs, etc.).	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
RNA polymerase can be thought of as the “glue” that holds DNA together and helps to create new cells. It is a complex enzyme that plays a critical role in gene expression—the process by which genetic information within DNA is used to produce proteins. RNA polymerase attaches to specific locations on the DNA molecule and begins reading the sequence of nucleotides (building blocks of DNA). It then uses this information to create a strand of RNA, which will eventually be translated into a protein.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are small, spherical particles found in all cells. They are responsible for the production of proteins, which play a vital role in almost all biological processes. Like social science students, ribosomes need to be fed with information in order to do their job properly. In the case of ribosomes, this information comes from DNA molecules.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories in a city. They make all of the proteins that are necessary for life. The proteins are like the products that are made in a factory.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They make all of the proteins that the cell needs to function.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
In the context of social science, activator protein could be seen as a catalyst for change. For example, an activator protein might be responsible for setting in motion a series of events that eventually leads to a particular outcome - such as political reform.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Activator protein is a molecule that helps to turn on genes. It is like a key that unlocks the door to the gene so that it can start working.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Activator protein is a term used in biology to describe a type of protein that assists in the activation of other proteins. In social science, an activator might be thought of as someone who helps get things started or moving.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An electric circuit is like a water pump. The pump has a tank of water and a pipe that goes from the tank to the faucet. When you turn on the faucet, water starts flowing out of the spout. The faster you turn on the faucet, the more water comes out. Electric circuits work in a similar way. They have a battery (the tank of water), wires (the pipes), and something called an "amplifier" (the faucet). When you turn on the amplifier, electricity starts flowing through the wires. The more electricity that flows, the brighter the light bulb gets or the louder the radio gets.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An electric circuit is like a group of people who are all connected by lines. Each person can talk to each other, and they can all work together to create something amazing.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electricity is like water flowing through a pipe. In an electric circuit, the electricity flows from the battery (or power source), through the wires, and to the light bulb or other device. The current (the flow of electricity) is measured in amps.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This occurs because the polar water molecules are attracted to each other and surround the nonpolar molecules, pushing them away from one another.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The hydrophobic effect can be thought of as an invisible force that causes water molecules to group together, repelling other molecules. This is why oil and water do not mix – the oil repels the water. The hydrophobic effect is responsible for the shape of proteins and DNA, which are both made up of long chains of amino acids that fold up into specific shapes.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This occurs because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with one another than with the nonpolar molecule, pushing it away from the center of the cluster.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Biological signal transduction is like a telephone. The phone line transmits an electronic signal from one person to another. The signal passes through the wires in the phone line and is turned into sound waves that the recipient can hear on the other end of the line. Biological signals also transmit information between cells. The cell membrane acts as a telephone line, transmitting an electrical signal from one cell to another. The signal passes through the membrane and turns into a chemical message that tells the receiving cell what to do.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as the process by which a biological stimulus is converted into a cellular response. In other words, it is the way in which cells receive and interpret signals from their environment. This process involves a series of steps that begins with the binding of a ligand (a molecule that interacts with another molecule) to its receptor on the cell surface. This interaction triggers a change in the receptor's conformation, which leads to the activation of downstream molecules called second messengers. These second messengers then relay information about the original stimulus to the interior of the cell, where it initiates a response.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a process similar to the way in which a telephone works. The telephone converts sound waves into electrical signals that are then transmitted over wires to another phone, where they are converted back into sound. In the same way, biological signal transduction uses proteins called receptors to convert chemical signals (such as hormones) into electrical signals that can be used by the cell.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Nadh is like the glue that holds the social fabric together. It is essential for communication and maintaining relationships.	nadh	Explain nadh using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Proteins are like the glue that hold our social networks together. Just as proteins are responsible for the structure and function of our cells, they are also responsible for the structure and function of our social networks. Proteins are the molecules that allow us to interact with others, and they are essential for the formation and maintenance of social relationships.	proteins	Explain proteins using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe is written down and tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. The recipe is like the DNA code.	dna	Explain dna using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Glycogen is like a savings account for the body. It is a way for the body to store energy for later use.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a large, complex factory. The factory has many different departments, each with its own specialized workers and tasks. The endoplasmic reticulum is responsible for producing and processing proteins. Just as in a real factory, the endoplasmic reticulum can become overloaded and malfunction if it is not properly maintained.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a postal service. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, sorts them, and sends them to the correct destination.	golgi	Explain golgi using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a social boundary. It is the barrier that separates one group of people from another. It determines what information can pass between the two groups and what cannot.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a city. They take in old materials and break them down into new materials that can be used again.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling centers of the cell. They take in old, damaged proteins and recycle them into new, usable proteins.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of the cell. Just as a power plant provides electricity to a city, mitochondria provide energy to the cell. They do this by breaking down food molecules and turning them into a form of energy that the cell can use.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A chloroplast is like a small country. It has its own government, currency, and laws. The chloroplast also has its own way of doing things, which is different from the way other countries do things.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a social group. It provides the structure that holds the group together and helps it to function. Just as bones provide support for the human body, the cytoskeleton provides support for the cell and helps it to move and function.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
ATP is the currency of social interaction. Just as money is needed to buy goods and services, ATP is needed to activate the processes of social interaction. The more ATP you have, the more active and engaged you can be in social situations.	atp	Explain atp using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
NADPH is like the glue that holds the social fabric of a community together. It is essential for the healthy functioning of the community and is produced by a variety of different community members.	nadph	Explain nadph using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like the "factories" of the cell. They produce important enzymes that help break down food and other molecules.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Mytochondria are the cells in our body that produce energy. They are similar to the factories in our society that produce the goods we use every day. The factories need raw materials to produce the goods, and the mytochondria need oxygen and glucose to produce energy. Just like the factories, the mytochondria can be overworked and need time to rest.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Electric forces are like the force of attraction between people. Just as people are attracted to each other, electric charges are attracted to each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a person's social circle. Just as a person has friends within their social circle, the hydrogen electron has friends (or orbitals) within its orbital.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The first line of defense in the body is similar to the police force in a city. They are the first line of defense and are responsible for stopping anything from entering the city. Similarly, the white blood cells are the first line of defense in the body and are responsible for stopping anything from entering the body.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Macrophages are like the police force of the body. They patrol the body and look for things that are not supposed to be there, like bacteria or viruses. Once they find something, they attack it and try to get rid of it.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
T-helper cells are like the police in a society. They help to maintain order and protect the citizens. They also help to coordinate the activities of the other cells in the body.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like the police force in a society. They are responsible for defending the body against infection and disease. They are also responsible for producing antibodies, which are proteins that help the body fight infection.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "police" of the immune system. They are responsible for identifying and destroying cells that are infected or have been damaged, such as cancer cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The invasion of bacterias can be compared to a social science analogy of an invasion of a foreign country. In this analogy, the bacteria are the invading force and the cells are the citizens of the foreign country. The bacteria invade and take over the cells, using them to replicate and spread. The cells are unable to fight back against the bacteria and eventually die.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The action potential can be thought of as a group of people who are waiting to cross the street. The traffic light turns green and the people start to cross the street. As each person crosses the street, they reach a point where they are no longer able to cross. This point is the action potential.	action potential	Explain action potential using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The experiment of chromatography is similar to a social science experiment in which a researcher is trying to determine the effects of a certain variable on a particular outcome. In chromatography, the researcher is trying to determine the effects of different solvents on the separation of different compounds.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The main-sequence lifetime of a star is analogous to the average lifespan of a human. Just as all humans are not born on the same day and die on the same day, stars are not born on the same day and die on the same day. Some stars live for billions of years, while others only live for a few million years. Just as there are many different types of humans, there are many different types of stars. Some stars are like toddlers, while others are like seniors.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A nucleus is the most important part of an atom. It is the center of the atom and contains the atom's protons and neutrons. In the same way, a family is the most important part of a society. It is the center of the society and contains the society's members.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories in a city. They produce the proteins that are needed by the cells.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a postal service. The cell's nucleus sends messages (packages) to the Golgi apparatus, which then sorts and distributes them to the correct destinations (other parts of the cell).	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a city. They take in old materials and break them down into new materials that can be used again.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a social scientist's laboratory. It is a place where new ideas and theories can be tested in a controlled environment. The nuclear envelope is also a place where information can be shared and new discoveries can be made.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A vacuole is like a small town. It has a mayor (the nucleus), a police force (the cytoskeleton), and citizens (the organelles). The mayor is in charge of the town, the police keep the citizens safe, and the citizens work together to keep the town running.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "lifeblood" of the cell. It is a thick, viscous fluid that contains the cell's organelles and genetic material. Just as blood circulates through the body and provides essential nutrients and oxygen to the cells, the cytoplasm provides essential nutrients and oxygen to the cell's organelles.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Chromosomes are like people in a social science analogy. They are all unique and have different characteristics. Some chromosomes are more important than others, just like some people are more important than others in a social setting. Chromosomes can also interact with one another, just like people can interact with one another.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The cytosol is like the water in a swimming pool. It surrounds the cells and provides a place for them to swim around in.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A cell is like a small town. It has a mayor, a police force, and a fire department. It also has a grocery store, a bank, and a post office.	cell	Explain cell using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A vesicle is like a small group of people who get together to talk about a specific topic. The people in the group share a common interest in the topic, and they talk about it together. The group is small enough that everyone can participate in the discussion, and they can all see and hear each other.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a border or boundary. It is a physical barrier that separates the inside of a cell from the outside environment. The cell wall is also responsible for protecting the cell from damage and helping to maintain the cell's shape.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Cells are like people in a social group. Cells work together to achieve a common goal, just like people in a social group work together to achieve a common goal. Cells communicate with each other, just like people in a social group communicate with each other. Cells have a shared identity, just like people in a social group have a shared identity.	cells	Explain cells using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a social group. The cell membrane is the outer boundary of the cell and it controls what goes in and out of the cell. The cell membrane is made up of a lipid bilayer and it is responsible for the cell's communication with its environment.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The Golgi body can be thought of as a postal worker. The Golgi body receives packages (molecules) from the ER and sorts them into different mailboxes (cellular compartments). The Golgi body then sends the mail (molecules) to their correct destinations.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A capacitor is like a social group. The capacitor has a capacitance, which is the ability to store energy. The social group has a capacitance, which is the ability to store energy. The capacitor has a capacitance, which is the ability to store energy. The social group has a capacitance, which is the ability to store energy.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity. Just as a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage.	electric current	Explain electric current using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Voltage is like the pressure of a group of people. It is the force that drives the group forward.	voltage	Explain voltage using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A cell is like a small town. The nucleus is the mayor, and the proteins are the police officers. The mayor is in charge of making sure the town runs smoothly, and the police officers are in charge of keeping the town safe. The mayor is responsible for making sure everyone has what they need, and the police officers are responsible for catching criminals.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to the law of supply and demand in economics. Just as the law of supply and demand states that there is a relationship between the availability of a good and the price of that good, Kirchoff's voltage law states that there is a relationship between the voltage and the current in an electrical circuit. Just as the availability of a good (supply) affects the price of that good (demand), the voltage in an electrical circuit affects the current in that circuit.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A density wave is a type of social phenomenon that occurs when a large number of people move into or out of a particular area. For example, imagine a city that is experiencing a population boom. As more and more people move into the city, the population density will increase. This will cause the city to become more crowded and it will be harder to find a place to live. Conversely, if the city experiences a population decline, the population density will decrease.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Enzymes are like social media platforms. They are tools that help people connect and share information. Enzymes help break down food so that the body can absorb the nutrients. Social media platforms help people connect and share information. They help break down communication so that people can absorb the information.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as a social network. The brain is the central node, and the different memories are represented by the different connections between nodes. When we remember something, we activate the relevant nodes in our brain. The more often we remember something, the stronger the connection between the nodes becomes.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step that determines how fast the reaction will occur. This analogy can be used to explain it using social science terms. The rate-determining step is like the tipping point of a social movement. It is the point at which the reaction will start to occur and it will determine how fast it will spread.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Column chromatography is like a job interview. The employer (the solvent) is looking for the best candidate (the compound). The candidates are placed in a line and the employer interviews them one at a time. The employer asks each candidate a question and the candidate answers. The employer then decides if the candidate is a good fit for the job.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a group of people who are all talking to each other. The people are all in equilibrium because they are all talking and listening to each other. If one person starts talking louder than the others, then the equilibrium will be disrupted and the group will start to break up.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A vacuole is like a large container in the body that stores things.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a small, private bus that transports a limited number of passengers to a specific destination. The passengers are the proteins and other molecules that are being transported, and the destination is the cell membrane. The bus is driven by a motor protein, and it picks up and drops off passengers at specific stops along the way.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the early warning signs of a potential cancer. Just like social scientists can study the early warning signs of a potential social problem, proto-oncogenes can help researchers study the early warning signs of a potential cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Oncogenes are like bullies in a school yard. They are genes that have the ability to cause cancer. They are like the kids that are always picking on others and making them feel bad.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police force of the body. They help to keep the cells in check and prevent them from becoming cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Brittle software is like a social science analogy. It is something that is easily broken and does not work well.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A resonance hybrid is like a group of people who all have different opinions on a topic, but they all come together to discuss it. Each person has their own opinion, but they are willing to listen to the others and come to a consensus.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The wave mechanical model is similar to a social science analogy in the sense that it is constantly changing and evolving. Just as a social scientist observes people's behavior and interactions over time to try and understand why they do what they do, a physicist observes the behavior of particles over time to try and understand the nature of matter.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The electroencephalogram is like a social scientist's tool for measuring the brain's electrical activity. Just as a social scientist might use surveys or interviews to measure people's thoughts and feelings, the electroencephalogram uses electrodes to measure the brain's electrical activity.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a social process in which a new "generation" of DNA is created. The old DNA is copied, and the new DNA is passed on to the next generation.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
RNA transcription is a bit like a group of people getting together to have a conversation. The people are the RNA molecules, and the conversation is the transcription of the DNA code into RNA. Just like in a real conversation, some people will talk more than others, and some will listen more than others. The RNA molecules will listen to the DNA code, and then they will start talking, copying the code and turning it into RNA.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Protein translation is a bit like a group of people getting together to make a meal. The recipe (DNA) is like the instructions for the meal, and the ingredients (amino acids) are like the people who will be cooking. The DNA is read one letter at a time, and each letter is matched up with an amino acid. This creates a chain of amino acids, which is the protein.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a social group, where the different species of plants and animals interact with one another. The different species in an ecosystem have different roles, just as people in a social group have different roles. For example, some species are predators, while others are prey. Some species are producers, while others are consumers.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron is similar to the spread of a rumor down a social network. The action potential starts at the neuron's cell body and travels down the axon to the synapse. At the synapse, the action potential causes the release of neurotransmitters, which then travel across the synaptic cleft to the next neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The breathing mechanism of frogs can be compared to the way people breathe. When people inhale, the air travels through the nose and down the throat into the lungs. The lungs are filled with air, and the diaphragm (a muscle located below the lungs) contracts, which causes the lungs to expand. This expansion forces the air out of the lungs, and the diaphragm relaxes. When people exhale, the process is reversed.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A layered architecture is like a cake. The cake is made up of many layers, and each layer is a different flavor. The cake is also topped with frosting, which is a different flavor than the cake. The cake is also decorated with sprinkles, which are a different flavor than the cake or the frosting.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in a society. For example, if there are only a certain number of jobs in a city, then the number of people who can get a job is limited by the number of jobs. The people who can't get a job are the limiting reactant.An excess reactant is like a surplus of resources in a society. For example, if a city has a lot of jobs, then the number of people who can get a job is not limited by the number of jobs. The people who can't get a job are the excess reactant.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a small town. The town has a mayor, who is in charge of the town. The town also has a police force, who keep the town safe. The town has a fire department, who put out fires. The town has a hospital, who take care of the sick. The town also has a school, who teach the children.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. The cell has a mayor (the nucleus), and the mayor is responsible for the well-being of the townspeople (the cells' organelles). The townspeople work together to keep the town running smoothly.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The kernel of an operating system can be thought of as the brains of the system. It is responsible for managing all of the resources of the system and providing basic services to all of the other parts of the system. Just as the brain is responsible for managing all of the resources of the body and providing basic services to all of the other parts of the body, the kernel is responsible for managing all of the resources of the computer and providing basic services to all of the other parts of the computer.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in a society. For example, if there are only a certain number of jobs in a city, then the number of people who can get a job is limited by the number of jobs available. The same is true for resources like oil or water. If there is only a certain amount of oil in the ground, then the number of people who can use oil is limited by the amount of oil available.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Helicase is like a postal worker. It helps to deliver the genetic information from one place to another.	helicase	Explain helicase using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the bouncers at a nightclub. They are responsible for ensuring that only authorized individuals are allowed inside. In the case of DNA replication, these proteins are responsible for ensuring that only authorized DNA molecules are allowed to replicate.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Ligase is a social science analogy like a glue. It helps to keep things together.	ligase	Explain ligase using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A process control block can be thought of as a social scientist's tool for controlling an experiment. It allows the scientist to make sure that all of the variables in the experiment are kept consistent, so that they can accurately measure the effects of the independent variable.	process control block	Explain process control block using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Message encoding is like translating a message from one language to another. The translator needs to understand both languages in order to accurately translate the message.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Drugs and receptor sites are like people in a social situation. The drugs are like the people and the receptor sites are like the places where they interact. The more people that are in a social situation, the more interactions there are. The same is true for drugs and receptor sites. The more drugs that are present, the more interactions there are.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A monitor is like a social scientist who observes and records the behavior of a group of people. The monitor's job is to make sure that everyone in the group is following the rules and to report any problems that may occur.	monitor	Explain monitor using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The CPU is like the brain of a computer. It controls all the operations of the computer, and it is responsible for the speed and performance of the computer.	cpu	Explain cpu using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the social glue that holds a family together. It is the central component around which all other components orbit. Similarly, a motherboard provides the central communication and coordination functions for all the devices in a computer system.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Ram can be seen as a symbol of power and aggression. Just as a ram butts its way through obstacles, leaders who are aggressive and push their way to the front can be seen as rams.	ram	Explain ram using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a water tower. The water tower provides a consistent and reliable source of water to the community below it. Similarly, a power supply unit provides a consistent and reliable source of electricity to the devices below it.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The keyboard is like a group of people who live together in a house. The people in the house share a common space and they all use the same things. The keyboard is like the common space and the keys are like the things that everyone in the house can use.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A mouse is like a small, shy person who is always trying to stay out of the way.	mouse	Explain mouse using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
An audio card can be thought of as a translator between the digital language of a computer and the analog language of sound. It converts the ones and zeroes of a digital audio file into the electrical signals that speakers use to create sound.	audio card	Explain audio card using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A video card can be thought of as a social scientist's toolkit. Just as a social scientist needs a variety of tools to conduct research, a video card needs a variety of ports to connect to different devices. A video card also needs a powerful processor to handle the large amounts of data that come with video processing.	video card	Explain video card using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A tree's age calculation can be thought of as a social science analogy in the following way: just as a person's age can be calculated by subtracting the date of birth from the present date, a tree's age can be calculated by subtracting the date of planting from the present date.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process is similar to the way a person might socialize with friends. The person would start by talking to one friend, and then move on to talking to another friend. In the same way, glycolysis starts by breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
When two people are talking, their voices are bouncing off each other and creating a back and forth pattern. This is similar to what happens when light hits a particle. The light is bouncing off the particle and creating a back and forth pattern.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Stokes scattering is the process by which a large group of people in a room will gradually become more spread out over time. This happens as people move around and talk to each other, and as they move away from the people they were originally standing near. The process is similar to the way that light is scattered by small particles in the air.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill half of the people who take it. It can be thought of as the "social science" equivalent of the "lethal dose" or "dose that kills."	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The universe can be thought of as a large social group. The planets and stars can be thought of as people, and the space between them can be thought of as the distance between people. The universe is constantly expanding, just as social groups grow larger over time.	universe	Explain universe using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Enzyme mechanism can be analogized to human social interaction. Enzymes are like people in that they are both small and have a limited amount of energy. Enzymes are also like people in that they can only interact with a certain number of other people at a time. Enzymes are like people in that they can only communicate with other people by exchanging information. Enzymes are like people in that they can only work together to achieve a common goal if they are compatible.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
An anova is a statistical test that is used to determine if there is a significant difference between the means of two or more groups. It is similar to a t-test, but can be used when there are more than two groups. The test is performed by calculating a statistic called an F-statistic. If the F-statistic is significant, it means that there is a significant difference between the means of the groups.	anova	Explain anova using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A thermostat is like a bouncer at a nightclub. It determines who is allowed in and who is not. In the case of a thermostat, it decides who is allowed into the house and who is not.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a group of people who are all talking to each other. The more people who are talking, the more noise there is. But if enough people stop talking, the noise level goes down. In the same way, the more chemical reactions that are happening in a system, the more noise there is. But if enough reactions stop happening, the noise level goes down.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve efficiency and decrease waste by delivering goods and services only as they are needed. This is similar to the way that social scientists study small groups of people in order to understand human behavior. By observing a small number of people in a controlled setting, social scientists can better understand how humans interact and behave.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a social group that has learned to work together to protect themselves from harm. The members of the group are constantly learning and adapting to new threats.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Ohm's law can be thought of as a social science analogy as follows:Just as in social science, where there are different types of relationships between people (e.g., friendships, romantic relationships, work relationships), there are different types of relationships between electrical components (e.g., resistors, capacitors, inductors). Ohm's law describes the mathematical relationship between these different types of relationships.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Transcription is the process of turning spoken words into a written form. It is similar to taking notes in a class. The speaker's words are written down as they are spoken, and then the notes are organized and edited later.	transcription	Explain transcription using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
RNA polymerase is a bit like a secretary. It takes the notes that the boss (DNA) dictates and makes them into a finished product (RNA).	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories in a city. They produce the proteins that are needed by the cells in the body.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The activator protein is like a social worker. It helps to activate other proteins and get them to do their jobs.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A social science analogy for an electric circuit is a group of people who are all connected by a series of relationships. Just as electricity flows through a circuit, information and ideas flow through a social network. The more people in the network, the more connections there are, and the more information and ideas can flow.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
The hydrophobic effect is similar to people who do not like to be around other people. They would rather be alone or with a very small group of people.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
A social science analogy for signal transduction would be the process of a person hearing a sound and then reacting to it. The sound waves travel through the air and into the person's ear, where they are converted into electrical signals. These signals are then sent to the person's brain, where they are interpreted as sound.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using a social science analogy.	lt	social science	1
Nadh can be thought of as a social science analogy as it is similar to the concept of equilibrium in economics. Just as economists strive for equilibrium in their models, biochemists aim for nadh balance in the body.	nadh	Explain nadh using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Nadh is like a supervisor in a company. He oversees all the other employees and makes sure they are doing their jobs correctly. He also helps them when they need it, but ultimately he is responsible for what goes on in the workplace.	nadh	Explain nadh using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In social science, nadh is like the glue that holds a community together. It provides stability and continuity by helping to maintain relationships among people.	nadh	Explain nadh using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Let's say you're at a party and someone offers you a drink. The drink is made up of different types of liquids (i.e., water, juice, soda) that are all mixed together. In the same way, proteins are made up of smaller molecules called amino acids that are all joined together.	proteins	Explain proteins using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Proteins are like gangs. They are made up of smaller parts called amino acids, and these amino acids come together to form a protein molecule. Proteins serve many purposes in the body, just like gangs do in society. They can be used for protection, communication, or transportation.	proteins	Explain proteins using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Proteins are like people in a small town. They have all grown up together and know each other well. Each protein has a specific job to do, just like each person in a small town has a specific job. The proteins work together to keep the cell running smoothly, just like the people in a small town work together to keep their community functioning.	proteins	Explain proteins using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The ingredients (amino acids) and the instructions (the sequence of nucleotides) are both necessary to create the final product.	dna	Explain dna using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Dna is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe tells you what ingredients to use, how much of each ingredient, and how to put them together. The same dna recipe will produce the same cake every time if you follow it exactly.	dna	Explain dna using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Dna is like a social security number. It uniquely identifies each person and holds information about that person.	dna	Explain dna using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A glycogen molecule is like a social networking site. It has many sites (nodes) that are connected to each other. The more "friends" or "connections" a person has on the social networking site, the more valuable it is to them. Similarly, the more glycogen molecules a person has in their body, the more energy they have available.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Glycogen is a storage form of glucose, which is the most important energy source for the body's cells. It can be thought of as resembling money in a bank account. The body deposits glucose (money) into its glycogen account (bank) when it has extra, and withdraws it when it needs it to power cellular activity.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In social science, glycogen can be thought of as the glue that holds societies together. It is a substance that is found in large quantities in the liver and muscles, where it serves as a reservoir of energy for the body. Like any other form of energy, glycogen can be used to power physical activity or to sustain life during periods of fasting.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a factory within the cell. The proteins that are produced by the genes within the nucleus are folded and processed within the endoplasmic reticulum.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be explained in terms of social science analogy as an organization’s “internal communication system”. The endoplasmic reticulum is responsible for transporting proteins and lipids from the cytoplasm to various parts of the cell, including the plasma membrane. It also helps in folding proteins into their correct shape and shipping them off to other parts of the cell where they are needed. Just like a company’s internal communication system enables different departments to share information with each other, the endoplasmic reticulum allows different parts of the cell to communicate with each other by transporting proteins and lipids between them.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as an office worker's desk. It is a place where things are processed and put together. The endoplasmic reticulum is responsible for the correct folding of proteins and the transport of molecules within the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus can be compared to a postal service. The cellular material that is delivered to the Golgi is processed and sorted there before being sent off to its destination, much like letters are sorted and packaged for delivery when they arrive at a post office.	golgi	Explain golgi using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A golgi is like a postal worker. They deliver the mail (packages) to the correct addresses.	golgi	Explain golgi using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is similar to the postal service. The cells produce packages (containing proteins) and send them to the Golgi, where they are sorted and then sent off to their destination (either another part of the cell or outside the cell).	golgi	Explain golgi using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a social barrier. It is the boundary that separates two groups of people and determines what information or material can pass between them. The plasma membrane allows certain things to pass through it, like nutrients and oxygen, while keeping other things out, like bacteria and pollution. Just like in society, the plasma membrane has rules about who can cross it and when they can do it.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for the plasma membrane would be that it is like a border or fence. The plasma membrane is responsible for regulating what goes in and out of the cell, similarly to how a border regulates who can enter and exit a country.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. It is responsible for allowing some people (substances) into the club while keeping others out. The plasma membrane allows certain things to pass through it, such as oxygen and carbon dioxide, while preventing other things from getting in, like dirt and bacteria.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A lysosome is a little bag of digestive enzymes that floats around in the cytoplasm of cells. It's kind of like your stomach, except it's tiny enough to fit inside a cell. The lysosomes digest old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids from within the cell.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
Lysosomes are like recycling bins in a city. They break down waste products and garbage so that the city can reuse the materials. Lysosomes also help to get rid of old or damaged cells.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are the garbage collectors of the cell. They eat up old or damaged proteins and other cellular debris, breaking them down into their component parts. This allows the cells to recycle these materials and use them again. You can think of lysosomes as the recycling center of your town or city.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes can be thought of as the " recycling plant" of the cell - they take in damaged or used materials, break them down into their component parts, and then use those parts to rebuild newer, healthier versions of the original material. This process is analogous to how a recycling plant takes in old cans and bottles, breaks them down into their component plastic and metal pieces, and uses those pieces to create new cans and bottles.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling department of a city. They take in old materials (like trash) and break them down into their component parts so that they can be reused.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes can be thought of as the "garbage collectors" of a cell. They are small organelles that break down molecules, such as fatty acids and proteins, and recycle their components. This helps keep the cell healthy and functioning properly.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria are the "powerhouses" of cells. They take in nutrients, break them down, and create energy for the cell to use. This is similar to how a power company takes in fuel (coal, natural gas, oil), breaks it down, and creates energy for people to use.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the engines of a society. Just as an engine needs fuel and oxygen to run, mitochondria need food and oxygen to produce energy for cells. In addition, mitochondria play a key role in cell signaling, helping to regulate important cellular processes.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria can be described as the energy providers of a cell. They work very much like a power company in a city. The mitochondria take in food, break it down, and create usable energy for the cell. This is similar to how a power company takes in coal, oil, or natural gas and creates electricity for cities.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A chloroplast is like a small business. It has its own workers (the thylakoids and stroma), bosses (the ribosomes), and customers (the plant cells). The chloroplast takes in carbon dioxide and sunlight to create glucose and oxygen.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A chloroplast is like a small city. It has many different parts that work together to keep the whole thing running. The nucleus is like the mayor, directing traffic and making sure everything runs smoothly. The chromosomes are like the workers, building and maintaining the city. The mitochondria are like the power plants, providing energy for the city. And finally, the plastids are like the factories, producing all of the goods and services that make life in the city possible.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A chloroplast can be thought of as a small, independent country. It has its own currency (light energy), laws (photosynthesis), and population (plant cells). The chloroplast is able to survive and thrive independently, but it also interacts with other countries in the world (the plant cell's environment).	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cytoskeleton analogy would be to think of the cell as a city. The nucleus would be the mayor, and all of the other organelles would be like different departments in the city government. The cytoskeleton would be like the roads and bridges that connect everything together.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cytoskeleton is like a group of people who are holding up a large banner. The banner represents the cell membrane, and the people represent the cytoskeleton.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a human being. It provides support and structure to the cell, just as bones provide support and structure to a human body. The cytoskeleton also plays an important role in movement, just as muscles do in humans.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
ATP is the currency of social interaction. Just as money is needed to purchase goods and services, ATP is required for cells to interact and function. The more ATP you have, the more active you can be.	atp	Explain atp using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Atp can be thought of as the currency of social interaction. Just as money is used to buy goods and services, atp is used by our brains to purchase social interactions. When we see someone we want to talk to, our brain pays them with some atp in order to initiate a conversation.	atp	Explain atp using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
ATP can be thought of as the currency of social interactions. Just as money is needed to buy goods and services, ATP is necessary for cells to interact with each other. When two people talk, they are exchanging ATP. The more active someone is, the more ATP they will have available to exchange with others.	atp	Explain atp using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
NADPH is like a meter that records the amount of energy used by a household. It helps to track how much electricity or gas the household uses each month.	nadph	Explain nadph using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
NADPH is like the currency of social interactions. It is a molecule that helps cells communicate with each other, and it allows them to work together to achieve common goals.	nadph	Explain nadph using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
NADPH is similar to social class in that it is a way to organize people. NADPH is used to group all of the different types of molecules together so they can be studied and treated as one unit. Just like social class, NADPH doesn't necessarily reflect someone's actual wealth or standing in society, but instead is an easy way to understand and talk about them.	nadph	Explain nadph using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like the cells of a city. They take in resources (food and oxygen) from the outside world, break them down into smaller molecules, and use those molecules to build new proteins, DNA, and other cellular components. The peroxysomes then release usable energy (in the form of ATP) back out into the cell.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like the "Dementors" from the Harry Potter series. They are dark, foreboding, and can suck all of the life out of their victims (cells).	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like a small village in which the villagers all work together to keep things running smoothly. The peroxisomes have a variety of jobs, such as breaking down food and getting rid of waste products.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Myochondria can be likened to small business owners. Just as myochondria produce energy for the cell, small business owners produce goods and services for their local community. Myochondria are also responsible for recycling old materials, just as small businesses recycle used materials into new products. Finally, myochondria work best when they are in communication with other parts of the cell, analogous to how a successful small business is reliant on good communication with its suppliers and customers.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Mytochondria can be thought of as the cells that make up a society. Just as mytochondria are responsible for producing energy within a cell, societies are responsible for producing energy within a population. Mytochondria produce adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is used to power cellular processes. Societies produce gross domestic product (GDP), which is used to power economic processes. Mytochondria consume oxygen and glucose to produce ATP. Societies consume natural resources and human capital to produce GDP.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Myochondria can be thought of as the "social clubs" of cells. Just as people join social clubs to meet new friends and connect with others, myochondria allow cells to communicate and collaborate with one another. Myochondria also help regulate cell metabolism, providing an important coordination role within the cell.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Electric forces are similar to the gravitational forces between masses. Just as gravity is a force of attraction between masses, electric force is a force of attraction between charges. Like masses, charges have a property called mass which determines how strong the force will be.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Electric forces are like social norms. Just as people generally conform to social norms, electrically charged particles (like protons and electrons) tend to move towards each other. This force can be thought of as a kind of "attraction" between the particles.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The electric force between two particles can be thought of as the social force between two people. Just like when two people are attracted to each other, the electric force between two particles is attractive.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be compared to a group of people at a party. The people are all standing around in the same area, but they are not all standing next to each other. Some people are in the middle of the group and some people are on the outskirts.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a person's social circle. The more people that the person knows, and the closer those people are to the person, the larger their social circle is. Similarly, an electron's orbital gets bigger as it gets closer to the nucleus.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The hydrogen electron's orbital could be thought of as a group of people who all live in the same neighborhood. Each person has his or her own home, but they also spend time together outside of their homes. The people in this analogy represent the electrons in an atom, and the neighborhoods represent the orbitals.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The first line of defense in the body is similar to the police force in a city. They are the first line of defense and their job is to protect the citizens from harm. The body's first line of defense is made up of white blood cells, which protect against foreign invaders like bacteria and viruses.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The first line of defense in the body is much like the police force in a city. They are the first people to respond when something happens and their job is to keep things under control until more help arrives.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The first line of defense in the body is similar to the police force in a city. The police are responsible for preventing crime and catching criminals, while the first line of defense in the body is responsible for preventing disease and catching pathogens.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The analogy that I would use to explain macrophages is the analogy of a bouncer in a nightclub. Macrophages are essentially the bouncers of our immune system and they are responsible for patrolling our body and identifying any potential threats, such as bacteria or viruses. If they identify a threat, they will then activate other parts of the immune system to deal with it.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A macrophage can be thought of as the police force of the immune system. They are responsible for patrolling the body and identifying any potential threats, such as bacteria or viruses. Once they have identified a threat, they will then call in reinforcements to help eliminate it.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Macrophages are like the police force of the body. They patrol around and help to clean up any messes or damage that has been done.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
They are like the police officers in a city. They help to keep everything running smoothly and maintain order.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
T-helper cells are like the police officers of the immune system. They help to organize and coordinate the activities of other cells in order to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
T-Helper cells can be thought of as the police force in a society. They are responsible for patrolling the streets and maintaining order. In addition, they also work to protect citizens from harm and help to resolve conflicts peacefully.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and look for signs of infection or disease. When they find something suspicious, they activate other cells in the immune system to help fight off the infection.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A b-lymphocyte is a white blood cell that helps the body fight infection. It can be thought of as a police officer who helps keep the community safe by fighting crime.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like a country's military. They are responsible for defending the body from foreign invaders, such as viruses and bacteria. Like a country's military, b-lymphocytes are able to target specific threats and destroy them.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like police officers. They patrol the body and look for evidence of infection or cancer. When they find something suspicious, they attack it and destroy it.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like bouncers at a nightclub. They are responsible for determining who is allowed into the club and who is not. If someone tries to get into the club without being approved by the bouncers, they will be thrown out. The same is true for cells that try to enter the body without being approved by cytotoxic T-lymphocytes.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the police officers of your immune system. They patrol your body, looking for cells that are not supposed to be there. Once they find these cells, they destroy them.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One way to think about the invasion of bacteria is to imagine it as a social science analogy. Imagine a group of people who live in a small town. One day, someone from outside the town comes into the town and starts spreading a virus. The virus spreads quickly and before long, almost everyone in the town has been infected. This is similar to what happens when bacteria invade a host organism. The bacteria come in from outside and spread quickly, infecting many cells within the host organism.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Bacteria invading a host is similar to an army invading another country. The bacteria are looking for new territory and resources (the host's body), just like an army does when it invades a new area. The bacteria also want to spread their population as much as possible, just like armies do when they take over new areas.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A bacterial invasion can be best analogized to an invading army. The bacteria are like the soldiers, and they invade and occupy a territory (the body). The body's defenses are like the military forces trying to defend against the invasion. Just as in a real-world battle, there may be periods of intense fighting followed by a lull, with either side gaining or losing ground at different points. In addition, while one type of bacteria may be successful in taking over a particular area, others may also be present and ready to take advantage of any weak spots that develop.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A human's nervous system is like a telephone system. Messages are sent between different parts of the body by tiny electrical signals that travel along special wires called nerves. When someone wants to make a phone call, they dial a number and wait for the other person to answer. The electrical signal travels from their phone all the way to the other person's phone, and they can have a conversation.The same thing happens in your nervous system when you move your arm or leg. Tiny electrical signals start in your brain and travel down special nerves until they reach the muscles in your arm or leg. These signals tell the muscles what to do, and they start contracting (moving).	action potential	Explain action potential using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The action potential can be thought of as a social event. Just before the event, there is a lot of energy and excitement in the air. This is represented by the nerve cells being hyperpolarized. As people gather and the event begins, this energy gradually dissipates until finally it reaches its climax (the action potential) and then slowly fades away.	action potential	Explain action potential using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A neuron fires an action potential when the membrane potential reaches a threshold. This can be thought of as a group of people reaching a certain level of excitement that causes them to start cheering and chanting. Once one person starts, it's likely that others will follow, until there's a full-blown cheerleading squad going crazy!	action potential	Explain action potential using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The experiment of chromatography is similar to the game "Where's Waldo?" The goal of chromatography is to locate the specific substance that has been separated by the solvent. Just like in "Where's Waldo?", it can be difficult to find the target substance among all of the other colors and distractions.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The experiment of chromatography is similar to a social science analogy in the way that it separates different types of substances. In the analogy, imagine that you have a room full of people who all come from different parts of the world. By using chromatography, you are able to separate out the people into their respective countries, just as the different colors are separated on the paper strip.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An experiment of chromatography can be explained using a social science analogy as follows: imagine that you are an investigator trying to determine the identity of a criminal. You have collected several pieces of evidence at the scene of the crime, including fingerprints, hair samples, and clothing fibers. To figure out who committed the crime, you will need to analyze all of this evidence to see if any of it matches the suspect's DNA or other personal information. This is similar to how chromatography works - by analyzing all of the different compounds in a sample, scientists can identify which ones are present in largest amounts.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The main-sequence lifetime of a star can be thought of as the average amount of time a person spends in their job. The longer someone stays in their job, the more experience they gain and the better they become at it. In the same way, stars that spend more time on the main sequence become brighter and hotter due to nuclear fusion reactions in their cores.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Stars are like people in that they age. The main-sequence lifetime of a star is the length of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. The longer a star spends on the main sequence, the more evolved it is. A social science analogy for this would be comparing people to cars. A brand new car has hardly any miles on it and is very shiny. As it ages, it accumulates miles and starts to show its wear and tear. People are much the same way - as they age, they accumulate experiences and wisdom.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The main sequence lifetime of a star is analogous to the amount of time someone remains in their job. The longer someone remains in their job, the more experienced they become and the better they are able to do it. In the same way, stars that remain on the main sequence for a long time (like our sun) are able to use up their hydrogen fuel slowly and steadily, resulting in a long lifespan.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The nucleus is the most important part of an atom. It contains protons and neutrons, which control the atom's behavior. In a social science analogy, the nucleus would be like the government. It controls what the atom (society) does and how it behaves.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A nucleus is the center of something. In social science, it can be thought of as the center of a family or group. It is the most important part and everything else revolves around it.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
A nucleus is the most important part of a social group. It is the central point around which everything else revolves. The nucleus determines the direction and strength of the group's overall activity.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
Ribosomes can be thought of as the workers in a factory. The DNA is the blueprint for the product that is being made, and the ribosomes are responsible for reading that blueprint and assembling the product.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A ribosome can be thought of as a production line in a factory. The DNA is the blueprint for the product and the mRNA is like the assembly instructions. The ribosomes are like the workers who put together the product according to the instructions.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the workers in a factory. They build the products that the factory produces.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus can be seen as the managers of a business. The workers (mitochondria) are responsible for doing the actual work of the business, while the managers (Golgi) make sure everything runs smoothly and is organized. The Golgi also help to package and ship out products (proteins) to other parts of the cell or body.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a social worker. Just as the social worker helps keep things organized and running smoothly in society, the Golgi apparatus helps to organize and package proteins inside the cell.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a postal service. The cell receives packages (proteins) from different parts of the cell and the Golgi apparatus sorts them into different mail slots (cellular compartments). It then sends them off to their final destinations inside or outside of the cell.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are like a recycling center in a city. The recycling center takes all of the garbage from people's homes and recycles it into new materials that can be used to make things like bottles and newspapers. Lysosomes do the same thing with cells. They take old, damaged cells and recycle them into new cells.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the “garbage cans” of the cell. The enzymes within lysosomes break down large molecules into smaller pieces that can be recycled or eliminated from the cell. This process is similar to how a waste management company breaks down garbage into smaller pieces that can be recycled or disposed of.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling centers of cells. They digest old or damaged cell parts and recycle the materials into new cell parts.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as the social media site's privacy policy. It is a document that explains the level of privacy protection offered by the site. The nuclear envelope surrounds and protects the chromosomes inside the nucleus. just as social media sites offer different levels of privacy protection, so too does the nuclear envelope offer different levels of chromosome protection.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The nuclear envelope is like a company's human resources department. It oversees the hiring, firing, and management of employees within the company. Similarly, the nuclear envelope oversees the creation and degradation of proteins within the cell nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a social scientist's lab. Within the lab, scientists are able to study the inner workings of cells by performing experiments and analyzing the results. The nuclear envelope is like a barrier that separates the inside of the cell from its surroundings. It allows researchers to control what enters and leaves cells, which helps them to better understand how they work.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One could think of vacuoles as the "social media" of a cell. Just as social media allow people to communicate and share information quickly and easily, vacuoles allow cells to communicate and share nutrients and other important molecules quickly and easily.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a small, private room in someone's house. This room is used to store things that the person doesn't want anyone else to see or touch.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is like an empty room in a house. The room can be used for storage, or it can be empty.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "lifeblood" of a cell. It is where all the important biochemical reactions take place, and it contains the cell's DNA and other important molecules. Just like in human society, the cytoplasm is where all the important work happens in a cell.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cytoplasm is like the government in a country. It provides support for the cells and helps them to function properly.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as a workplace. The nucleus is the boss, providing overall guidance and direction. Ribosomes are the workers, manufacturing the proteins that keep the cell functioning. Other organelles are like department managers, coordinating specific cellular activities. And finally, the plasma membrane is the security guard, keeping everything inside the cell while preventing unwanted materials from entering.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes are like the people in our lives. We have many different chromosomes, and each one is important in its own way. They come in all different shapes and sizes, and some of them we know better than others. But regardless of how well we know them, they all play an important role in who we are.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes can be thought of as a library. The books in the library are organized by subject matter and alphabetically. The chromosomes are like the books in the library, they are organized by type and alphabetically.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A chromosome is like a strand of DNA that contains all the genetic information for an organism. It can be thought of as a social scientist's "database" - containing all the information about an individual's genes.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cytosol is like the water in a swimming pool. It surrounds all of the other components of the cell, and it provides them with a fluid environment in which they can move around and interact.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cytosol is like the water in a swimming pool. It surrounds and supports all of the other elements in the pool (the swimmers, the diving board, etc.) and it is necessary for them to function properly. Similarly, the cytosol surrounds and supports all of the other elements in a cell (the nucleus, mitochondria, ribosomes, etc.) and it is necessary for them to function properly.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cytosol is like the water in a swimming pool. It surrounds and supports all of the other elements in the pool, just as the cytosol surrounds and supports all of the other elements in a cell. The water in the pool is essential for keeping everything else afloat, just as the cytosol is essential for keeping everything else inside the cell alive and functioning.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cells in our body are like the people in a small town. Each cell has its own job to do, and they all work together to keep the town running.	cell	Explain cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A cell is like a small town. It has a mayor, who is the head of the cell, and it has other important positions, such as a chief of police and a fire chief. The cells also have workers, who are responsible for carrying out the orders of the mayor and keeping the town running smoothly.	cell	Explain cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A cell is like a small town. It has a mayor, police officers, and citizens. The mayor is in charge of the town, the police officers keep the citizens safe, and the citizens live in the town.	cell	Explain cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Vesicles are like small groups of people who work together to achieve a common goal. Just as the people in a vesicle must communicate and cooperate with one another, the cells within a vesicle must also communicate and cooperate with each other.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Vesicles are like people in a group. They have some things in common (they are all vesicles), and they each have their own individual characteristics (size, shape, etc.). Vesicles can come together to form larger structures, or they can remain separate.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Vesicles can be thought of as social networks. Just like people connect with each other on social media platforms to share information and experiences, molecules within vesicles connect with each other to share information and experiences.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cell wall can be thought of as a border or boundary. It separates the inside of the cell from the outside environment and helps to protect the cell.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A cell wall could be thought of as a boundary or fence that separates one area from another. In terms of cells, the cell wall is the boundary between the inside of the cell and the outside world. It helps to keep things like bacteria and other intruders out while allowing nutrients and other important molecules into the cell.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A cell wall can be seen as a type of social fence. It helps to keep things in (like the contents of the cell) while also keeping things out (such as harmful substances or other cells).	cell wall	Explain cell wall using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Cells are like people in a social group. Cells work together to achieve common goals, just as people do in a social group. Cells communicate with each other to share information and coordinate their activities, just as people do in a social group. And cells respond to changes in their environment, just as people do in a social group.	cells	Explain cells using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Cells are like people in a social group. They work together to achieve common goals, and they communicate with each other to do so.	cells	Explain cells using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Cells can be thought of as the citizens of a country. Just as there are different types of cells in the body, there are different types of people in society. Cells work together to form tissues and organs, just as citizens work together to form a country. Cells produce waste products, just as citizens produce waste products.	cells	Explain cells using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a border or barrier between two different social groups. The cell membrane determines what information and resources are allowed to pass in and out of the cell, just as a border controls who is able to enter or leave a country. The cell membrane also helps protect the cells from harmful invaders, similar to how a border protects a country from potential threats.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a social barrier. Just as people use fences or walls to keep others out or in, the cell membrane uses proteins and other molecules to control what enters and leaves the cell.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The cell membrane can be seen as a border or boundary. It separates what is inside the cell from what is outside of the cell. The membrane allows things like nutrients and oxygen to enter the cell, while keeping toxins and other harmful substances out.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
The Golgi body can be thought of as the postal service of the cell. It is responsible for getting information (packages) from one part of the cell to another, and for making sure that all the parts of the cell are communicating with each other properly.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A golgi body can be thought of as a supervisor in a factory. The supervisor is responsible for organizing and overseeing the work that is done in the factory. In the same way, the golgi body organizes and oversees the production of proteins inside cells.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi body is to the cell what a secretary is to an office. The secretary takes care of all the day-to-day tasks in the office so that the workers can focus on their jobs. In the same way, the Golgi body takes care of all the day-to-day tasks in the cell so that the cells can focus on their jobs.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The capacitance of a social group is the total amount of emotional energy that can be stored in the group. This energy can be used to motivate and unite the members of the group, or it can be released as negative emotions such as hatred, anger, and violence. The more emotionally charged a situation becomes, the more capacitance is built up in the group.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
The capacitance of a social group is the ability of its members to store and share emotional energy. Just as a capacitor in an electrical circuit stores electric charge, the members of a social group can store and share emotions. This allows them to build up emotional intensity over time, and then release it all at once in moments of intense collective emotion.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Conductance is the degree to which a material can allow an electric current through it. Just as we need roads in our society for people and goods to move around, circuits need conducting pathways (like wires) to allow electricity to flow. The more surface area that a wire has, the easier it is for electricity to flow through it. This is why capacitors have two metal plates separated by a thin layer of air or dielectric: the more surface area there is, the greater the capacitance.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Electric current can be thought of as the flow of people in a city. Just as people move around and interact with each other, electric current flows and interacts with other currents.	electric current	Explain electric current using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Electric current is a lot like water in a pipe. The more water there is, the faster it will flow. Electric current works the same way - the more electricity there is, the faster it will flow.	electric current	Explain electric current using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Electric current is like a group of people walking together. The people are the electric current, and the direction they are walking in is the direction of the electric current.	electric current	Explain electric current using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Just as the amount of water pressure affects how forcefully a faucet can spray, the voltage difference between two points in an electric field determines how much current will flow between them. Imagine that you have two jars of water, each with a different number of fish swimming in it. The more fish there are in one jar, the greater the pressure on that jar's walls. The same is true for voltage: The more electricity there is concentrated in one spot, the greater the force pushing against anything else trying to move closer.	voltage	Explain voltage using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Voltage is like the water pressure in a city's water system. Just as water flows through the pipes under high pressure, electricity flows through wires under high voltage. The higher the voltage, the faster and more powerful the current of electricity.	voltage	Explain voltage using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The voltage is like the water pressure in a hose. It's what pushes the water (electricity) through the hose and makes it flow. The higher the voltage, the more powerful the push.	voltage	Explain voltage using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One possible analogy for the specialization and communication within cells can be found in human societies. In any society, there are different roles that people play in order to keep the society functioning. For example, someone might be a doctor who specializes in treating patients' illnesses, while another person might be a cashier at a grocery store who helps customers with their purchases. Both of these people are necessary for the smooth operation of society. Similarly, within cells there are specialized parts called organelles that carry out specific functions in order to keep the cell alive and healthy. These organelles need to communicate with each other in order to coordinate their activities. just as different people in a society need to communicate with each other in order to carry out their individual tasks.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Communication in a cell can be thought of as similar to communication within a society. Cells specialize in different tasks, just as people specialize in different jobs within a society. Cells communicate with each other to coordinate their activities and ensure that the entire organism functions smoothly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of specialization and communication in a cell is to imagine it as a small town. In this analogy, the cells are the buildings in town, and each one has a specific job. For example, there might be a grocery store, a bank, and a doctor's office. Each of these buildings would specialize in certain tasks (selling groceries, banking services, providing medical care) and would communicate with each other to make sure that everyone was doing their part correctly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In social science, kirchoff's voltage law can be explained as follows: each person in a group has a certain amount of influence (voltage). The sum total of all the individual influences is the group's overall influence (voltage). The group's overall influence is determined by how evenly distributed the individual influences are. If there is one person with a lot of influence, their opinion will carry more weight than if there are several people with less influence. Conversely, if everyone in the group has an equal amount of influence, then their opinions will carry roughly the same weight.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Kirchoff's Voltage Law is similar to the scientific law of conservation of energy. Just as energy cannot be created or destroyed, electrical charge cannot be created or destroyed. Electrical current flows from a higher voltage to a lower voltage.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In social science, kirchoff's voltage law can be explained as a rule that governs the flow of information or communication. Just like electricity flows in a circuit, information is supposed to flow in a way that is consistent and logical. Any breaks or interruptions in the communication process can cause problems and may lead to misunderstandings.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A density wave can be thought of as a kind of social contagion. Just as certain behaviors or ideas can quickly spread through a group of people, so too can waves of increased or decreased population density move across a landscape. These waves often originate in areas where there is some sort of disturbance or imbalance, such as a city center with high levels of poverty and crime.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A density wave is like a crowd of people at a stadium. The people are all packed together in one area, and then they spread out evenly across the rest of the stadium.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A density wave is a phenomenon that can be observed in both social and physical systems. In social systems, it can be thought of as a ripple or wave of energy that moves through a population. This wave can be caused by any event or action that impacts the population, such as a major news story or an election. Density waves often cause people to take action based on the information they have received from the wave. For example, after a major news story breaks, people may begin talking about it more and sharing their opinions on it with others. This can create a burst of activity around the topic that spreads through the population.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like social networking websites. They help different people connect with each other to share information and experiences. Enzymes do this by helping different molecules connect with each other.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like social networking sites. They allow different parts of a system to communicate with each other quickly and easily. Enzymes help reactions happen smoothly and efficiently, just like social networking sites help people communicate quickly and easily.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like social networking sites. They are platforms that allow different people to communicate and interact with each other. Enzymes allow different molecules to come together and react, just like social networking sites allow people from all over the world to connect.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Our active memory system can be described as a social network. Our brains are constantly taking in new information, and our active memory is what allows us to store and access that information when we need it. Just like a social network, our active memory relies on connections between different pieces of information. The more connections a piece of information has, the easier it is to remember. And just like with social networks, memories can fade over time if they're not used regularly.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as a social network. The brain is the center of the network, and each neuron is like a node. Each time we learn or remember something, our brains create new connections between neurons. These connections are called synapses, and they grow stronger each time we use them. Just like in a social network, the more friends (synapses) someone has, the more influence they have over others.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Human active memory system is similar to a social network. We remember information by interacting with it and recalling the interactions we have had with that information. Just as on social networks, we are more likely to remember information if it is shared by multiple people or if it is interacted with frequently.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. This analogy can be used to explain how reactions happen in people. The rate-determining step is like when two people are talking and one person talks slower than the other, it causes the conversation to stall. In the same way, the slowest step in a reaction determines how fast or slow the reaction happens.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. In social science, this would be like a person who is trying to get from point A to point B, but is moving very slowly. This person would be the rate-determining step and would determine how fast everyone else can move.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the equivalent of the tipping point in a social network. Just as one small event can trigger a cascade of reactions that leads to an avalanche, the rate-determining step determines how quickly a chemical reaction will proceed.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate mixtures of compounds. It works by passing the mixture through a column filled with a material that selectively absorbs certain compounds. The compounds that are most strongly absorbed will travel furthest down the column, while those that are less absorbed will stay closer to the top.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate mixtures of compounds. It works by passing the mixture through a column filled with a material that can selectively adsorb (attach) certain molecules from the mixture. The more tightly a molecule sticks to the adsorbing material, the slower it will move down the column. This allows different molecules in the mixture to be separated based on how strongly they are bound to the adsorbent.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
Column chromatography is similar to the process of sorting people into social groups, or "clans." The different compounds in a sample are like the different people in a population. By running the sample through a column filled with material that selectively adsorbs certain molecules (similar to how some people might be more attracted to others), you can isolate each compound and study it individually.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is similar to a group of people who are interacting with each other. In equilibrium, the balance between different groups is maintained and no one person or group dominates the others. The same analogy can be used for chemical reactions; in equilibrium, the balance between reactants and products is maintained and no reaction predominates.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In equilibrium, the number of people who want to be in a relationship is equal to the number of people who are in relationships. If more people want to be in a relationship than there are currently relationships, then new relationships will form. If there are more people who are in relationships than want to be in one, then some existing relationships will dissolve.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In a social science analogy, dynamic chemical equilibrium can be described as two people who are constantly interacting with each other. The balance between these two people is always changing, but eventually they reach a point where they are both comfortable and in equilibrium with each other.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is like a community garden. It's a space where people can come together to grow plants and vegetables. The plants and vegetables in the garden provide food for the people in the community, and the people in the community help take care of the garden.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is a bit like an individual's savings account. It's a place where the cell can store things it doesn't need right away, like food or water.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is like a community pool. It is a large, shared space where people can come together to relax and have fun. The walls of the pool are strong and keep the water inside, while the roof protects people from the sun. The Vacuole also has pumps and filters to clean the water and keep it safe for everyone to use.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A vesicle can be seen as a small, round container that is used to transport goods from one place to another. In the same way that a vesicle transports goods, transport vesicles carry proteins and other molecules between different parts of a cell.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a small, specialized bus that transports goods or people from one part of a city to another. The vesicle travels along specific routes, stopping at predetermined locations to let passengers or cargo off and on. Like real-world buses, transport vesicles are essential for getting things where they need to go in a timely manner.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One possible analogy for transport vesicles is the way people use cars to get around. Cars are like transport vesicles: they carry people from one place to another. The driver of the car controls where it goes, and the passengers can relax in their seats and enjoy the ride. Similarly, proteins control where transport vesicles go, and inside these vesicles, molecules can relax and enjoy the journey.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Proto-oncogenes are like genes that make people more likely to get cancer. Just as there are many different genes that can increase someone's risk of getting cancer, there are many different proto-oncogenes. Some proto-oncogenes make it more likely for cells to divide and grow out of control, while others help tumors evade the body's defenses or allow them to spread around the body.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A proto-oncogene is like a group of people who are potential criminals. They may not have committed any crimes yet, but they have the potential to do so. Proto-oncogenes are genes that can turn cancerous if they become mutated.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the early warning signs of cancer. Just as social scientists watch for certain behaviors or trends that might indicate a coming problem, biologists watch for proto-oncogenes that might lead to cancer. If these genes are activated (just as if someone starts exhibiting worrisome behavior), it can be a sign that cancer is developing.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Oncogenes are like the "bad kids" at school. They're the ones who get into trouble all the time and make life difficult for everyone around them. But even though they cause problems, people can't help but be drawn to them because of their charisma and energy.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Oncogenes are like the bullies in a school yard. They are genes that cause cells to grow and divide out of control, leading to cancer.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for oncogenes would be that they are like a virus. Just as a virus can make someone sick by infecting their body, oncogenes can make cells in the body become cancerous by causing them to grow and divide uncontrollably.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Suppose there are two people in a society, one of whom routinely commits crimes and the other of whom does not. The criminal behavior is due to a genetic defect that causes the person to have a strong urge to commit crimes. The non-criminal behavior is due to a different genetic defect that causes the person not to have any such urge. In this analogy, the genes for crime are like tumor suppressor genes, while the genes for not committing crimes are like oncogenes.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a police officer in a town. The police officer's job is to make sure that the town stays safe and orderly. If there is crime in the town, the police officer tries to catch the criminals and keep them from doing more harm. A tumor suppressor gene does something similar in our bodies. It helps to keep tumors from growing and spreading.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One example of a tumor suppressor gene is the TP53 gene. This gene produces a protein that helps to regulate the growth of cells in the body. If this protein is absent or not functioning properly, then it can lead to uncontrolled cell growth and cancer. Like many other genes, the TP53 gene is inherited from our parents. However, just because we have this gene does not mean that we will definitely develop cancer. Many other factors such as smoking, diet, and exposure to radiation also play a role in whether or not someone develops cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
Think of brittle software as a termite-infested house. It may look strong and sturdy from the outside, but once you start poking around, you'll find that it's full of weak spots and vulnerabilities. In the same way, brittle software is unstable and prone to breaking down under pressure.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A brittle software system can be thought of as a social networking site with a high percentage of "fake" profiles. These are accounts that are created for the sole purpose of spamming or harassing other users, and they don't represent actual people. A high number of fake profiles makes it difficult to find real friends or interesting content on the site, and it also creates an unpleasant experience for everyone who uses the site.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
If brittle software were a social science analogy, it would be like sociology. Sociology is the study of human society and its origins, development, organization, institutions, and processes. It is a relatively young academic discipline that emerged in the West in the late 18th century. Just as sociology has many different branches (sociological theory, criminology, demography), so too does software have many different branches (application design, system administration).	brittle software	Explain brittle software using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for resonance hybrid is a group of friends who have similar interests and get along well. They may all like to go out to eat, see movies, or play games together. Each person in the group has something different to offer, but they come together as a unit because of their similarities. In the same way, the electrons in a resonance hybrid are drawn together because they share some common properties (like being attracted to each other).	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for resonance hybrid would be two people, both of whom have strong personalities and are opinionated. If these two people were to try to talk at the same time, they would not be able to because their voices would overlap and neither would be able to make themselves heard. However, if these two people were to talk one after the other, then their ideas could be heard clearly.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In sociology, there is the analogy of the three circles. The inner circle represents your family and close friends. The middle circle are people you know reasonably well, such as your coworkers or classmates. The outer circle are people that you don’t know very well, such as strangers on the street.Now let’s say you have a party and only want to invite people from the inner and middle circles. If someone from the outer circle tries to come in, they will most likely be turned away because they’re not part of your group. However, if someone from the outer circle were to become friends with someone from the inner or middle circles, then they would be invited to future events since they are now part of the larger social group.This analogy can be used to explain resonance hybridization in chemistry. The inner ring represents atoms that share electrons (resonance structures), while the middle ring represents atoms that don’t share electrons (non-resonance structures). If an atom from the outer ring connects with an atom from either of these two rings, it creates a new molecule that has different properties than any of its component molecules.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In the wave mechanical model, particles are constantly in motion and only occasionally come into contact with one another. This is analogous to people in a social setting who are constantly interacting but only occasionally come into direct contact. The distance between two people can be thought of as analogous to the wavelength of a wave.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The social science analogy of the wave mechanical model would be a group of people. When the group is calm, the people are spread out and there is very little interaction between them. However, when the group becomes excited or agitated, they start to move closer together and interact more with each other. In this analogy, the people represent particles and their interactions represent waves.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a large group of people. The people in the group are all moving around and interacting with each other. As they move, they create waves that spread out through the group.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The electroencephalogram is a social science analogy like a brainwave. It records the electrical activity of your brain.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An electroencephalogram is a measure of the electrical activity in the brain. This can be thought of as similar to social media analytics, which measures the amount and type of engagement with content on social media platforms.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The electroencephalogram is similar to a social science research project in that it is used to measure and record electrical activity in the brain. Just as researchers use surveys, interviews, and observations to gather data about people's behavior, EEG technicians use electrodes placed on the scalp to measure and record brain waves. The resulting recording is called an EEG or 'brain map'.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One possible analogy to explain DNA replication could involve two people in a social situation. Imagine that each person has a list of tasks they need to do, and they want to make sure that both lists are identical by the end of the day. One way to achieve this would be for each person to copy the other's list, making sure all of the tasks are accounted for. This is essentially what happens during DNA replication: the genetic material is copied so that both copies of the chromosome have all of the relevant information.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Dna replication can be thought of as the process of producing a photocopy of a document. The original document is unchanged, but a copy is made that is identical to the original.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a social process in which the original DNA molecule is copied to create two new molecules, each with an identical copy of the genetic information. Just as in social situations, there are many ways that this process can play out, but the end result is always two new DNA molecules that are essentially clones of the original.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
RNA transcription is a bit like a group of people getting together to write a book. The book is the RNA, and the people are the enzymes that help to make it. The first step is for someone to come up with an idea for a story (the gene). Then, they have to get everyone together in one place to start writing it down (transcription). Once everyone has their part written down, they can go home and finish it on their own time (translation).	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Rna transcription is the process of converting dna to rna. This analogy uses a social science example. Imagine you have a document with information on it that you want others to be able to access and use. You could create copies of the document and give them to other people, but this would take up a lot of time and resources. A better way to do it would be to create an outline or summary of the information and give that to others instead. The summary would contain all the important points from the original document, but would be much shorter and easier for others to read. This is basically what happens during rna transcription - dna is converted into a shorter, easier-to-read version called rna.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
RNA transcription is similar to the process of socialization. In both cases, something is being passed on from one generation to the next. With socialization, it's often information or values that are transmitted. In the case of RNA transcription, it's genetic information that is transferred from DNA to RNA. Just as with socialization, there is a certain amount of variation that can occur during the process. This means that each individual will have their own unique version of the information that was passed down to them.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Protein translation can be explained using a social science analogy in much the same way as it is described in molecular biology texts. Proteins are like workers who perform specific tasks within a factory (the cell). The genetic code stored within DNA is like the blueprint for these workers, telling them what to build and how to build it. During protein synthesis, this genetic code is "read" by specialized enzymes and used to produce chains of amino acids called peptides. These peptides are then folded into the correct three-dimensional shape (termed tertiary structure) by other proteins called chaperones. Finally, some of these newly formed proteins will leave the factory (cell) and carry out their designated task elsewhere in the body.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Protein translation is a bit like the process of translating a book from one language to another. The genetic code, which is written in DNA, is like the original text. During protein translation, that code is "read" and used to create proteins, which are like translated versions of the original text.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Protein translation is a bit like how people in different parts of the world can still communicate with each other even though they speak different languages. Just as people can use translators to help them understand one another, ribosomes use transfer RNAs (tRNAs) to help them read the genetic code and create proteins based on that code.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for an ecosystem is a human society. Just as there are different parts of the human body that work together to create an overall functioning being, there are different parts of an ecosystem that work together to create an overall functioning environment. The sun is like the brain in this analogy; it provides energy and sustenance to all of the living things in the ecosystem. The roots of plants act like veins and arteries, transporting nutrients throughout the system. The leaves of plants act like lungs, taking in carbon dioxide and releasing oxygen. Birds and insects act like ears, picking up on changes in their surroundings and transmitting information between ecosystems. And so on!	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An ecosystem is like a social network. The different species in the ecosystem (e.g., plants, animals) are analogous to people in a social network, and they all interact with each other. Just as people can communicate and cooperate with each other on social networks, the different species in an ecosystem can communicate and cooperate with each other to create a functional system.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a group of people who all have different roles and responsibilities within the group. The people in the ecosystem are dependent on each other to survive and thrive.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An action potential is like a message being sent down a telephone line. The first neuron is like the person sending the message, and the second neuron is like the person receiving the message. When the first neuron sends a signal, it travels down its axon until it reaches the end of the axon. This signal causes ion channels to open, which allows positively charged ions to flow into the cell. This creates an electrical current that spreads throughtout the cell. When this current reaches the end ofthe cell, it causes more ion channels to open, which starts another current that travels down the next neuron's axon. This process continues untilthe message reaches its destination	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
When an action potential is generated at the neuronal soma, it travels down the axon like a wave of energy. This can be thought of as similar to how rumors or gossip travel through social networks. The action potential starts from one person (the soma) and spreads to others (the axon terminals), eventually reaching the entire network.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron is similar to the spread of news or rumors through a social network. An action potential starts at the cell body and travels down the axon, much like how a rumor begins with one person and spreads to others. The speed of propagation depends on the type of neuron and the properties of its axon.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Breathing is an important life process for all animals, including frogs. Frogs use their lungs to breathe air just like people do. However, frogs also have a special mechanism called buccal breathing that allows them to breathe under water. Buccal breathing works by pumping water in and out of the frog's mouth cavity. This causes a vacuum to form which draws in air from the surrounding water. The air then travels through the frog's throat and into its lungs	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to the way a social group operates. The lungs are like the individual members of the group, and they take in oxygen from the environment and pass it along to other parts of the body. The heart is like the leader of the group, coordinating all of the activity and ensuring that everyone gets what they need.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
When a frog inhales, its ribcage expands and pulls air into the lungs. The diaphragm muscle also contracts, which pushes down on the stomach and intestines, creating a vacuum that sucks air in. When the frog exhales, the ribcage relaxes and pushes out carbon dioxide-rich air from the lungs.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
A social science analogy for layered architecture would be the different levels of government in a country. The federal government is at the top, followed by state and local governments. Each level has its own specific functions, but all work together to provide governance for the nation.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A layered architecture can be analogized to a social hierarchy in which people are stratified according to their power and privilege. The top layer is reserved for those with the most power and privilege, while the bottom layer is for those with the least. There are many layers in between, each one representing an increment of power and privilege. Just as there is variation in power and privilege within a society, there is also variation within a layered architecture.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A layered architecture can be thought of as a social hierarchy. Just as there are many layers of people in a society, with those at the top enjoying more privileges and power than those at the bottom, so too is it with computer systems. The deepest layer or foundation is the hardware, which consists of all of the physical components that make up the system. On top of that is the software, which provides instructions for how the system should work. The operating system is responsible for managing resources and providing an interface between users and applications. Finally, there are applications themselves, which allow users to interact with the system in specific ways.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The limiting reactant is the person in a social group who has the least amount of friends. The excess reactant is the person in a social group who has the most friends.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in society. It is the reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be made. An excess reactant is like an overabundance of a resource in society. It does not limit the amount of product that can be made, but it may lead to waste.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One possible analogy for limiting reactant and excess reactant might be to consider them as two people in a social situation. The limiting reactant can be thought of as the person who is initially hesitant to participate or speak up in the conversation, while the excess reactant can be thought of as the person who talks too much and does not allow others to get a word in edgewise.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. It has many different parts that work together to keep the whole functioning. The nucleus is the mayor, directing traffic and making sure everyone is working together. The mitochondria are the power plants, providing energy for the city. The cytoskeleton is like the infrastructure, holding everything up and keeping it in place. And finally, the cells membrane is like the city walls, protecting everything inside.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a small city. The nucleus is the mayor, and it controls all the other parts of the cell. The mitochondria are like factories, and they produce energy for the cell. The cytoskeleton is like the infrastructure, supporting everything else in the cell. And finally, the plasma membrane is like the city's border, controlling what comes in and out.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a small town. The nucleus is the town hall, where all the important decisions are made. The cytoplasm is the main commercial area, where most of the businesses are located. The mitochondria and chloroplasts are like factories, providing energy and producing essential products for the cell. The ribosomes are like workers in the factories, making proteins to keep the cell running. And finally, the cells wall is like a city fence, keeping everything inside safe and protected.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. The cells are the people and the DNA is the government. The cells work together to keep the town running smoothly.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. It has a mayor (the nucleus), citizens (the chromosomes), and workers (the ribosomes). The mayor ensures that the citizens are safe and happy, and the workers make sure the town runs smoothly.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell can be thought of as a small, independent country. This "country" has its own rules and regulations that it follows, and it is completely self-sufficient. It does not rely on any other countries for support, and it is able to survive on its own.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The kernel of an operating system can be thought of as the brain or central nervous system of the computer. It is responsible for managing all aspects of the computer's operation, including memory allocation, process management, and input/output operations. The kernel also provides a common interface between software applications and the underlying hardware. Just as our brains control all aspects of our bodies and allow us to interact with our environment, the kernel provides a unified interface between software programs and the hardware on which they run, allowing users to operate their computers in a seamless way.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The kernel of an operating system can be thought of as the brain or central processing unit of a computer. Just as the human brain controls all the functions of the body, so too does the kernel control all aspects of how a computer operates. It manages memory, processes input and output, and ensures that all other software programs running on the machine are doing what they're supposed to do.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The kernel of an operating system can be thought of as the brains of the machine. It is responsible for managing resources, controlling access to devices and memory, and scheduling tasks. Just like in a human body, the kernel is critical for keeping everything running smoothly.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in the world. For example, oil is a limiting reactant because it is used to create gasoline, which is needed to power cars. If there was no oil left in the ground, then the amount of gasoline available would be limited, and car travel would become much more expensive or even impossible.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In social science, a limiting reactant is the person or thing that limits the amount of something else. For example, if two people are talking and one person starts to talk louder than the other, that person is the limiting reactant. The other person can't speak as loudly because the first person is already speaking too loudly.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in a society. For example, if there are only 10 jobs available and 20 people apply, then the 10 people with the best qualifications will get the jobs. The other 10 people will be left without work.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A helicase can be thought of as a social worker. They are responsible for helping to keep things organized and running smoothly. In the same way that a social worker intervenes in difficult family situations, helicases help to organize and manage DNA replication.	helicase	Explain helicase using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
H helicase is a protein that helps RNA polymerase unwind the DNA double helix so that transcription of the gene can begin. It can be thought of as an escort service for RNA polymerase, helping it to navigate through the tightly coiled DNA.	helicase	Explain helicase using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A helicase is like a social butterfly. It flits from one group to the next, spreading gossip and news. In doing so, it helps to keep everyone connected and up-to-date.	helicase	Explain helicase using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be compared to social networking sites like Facebook. Just as Facebook helps friends keep in touch by allowing them to share information, DNA replication binding proteins help the DNA molecule duplicate by bringing together the necessary ingredients.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be seen as the police force of a city. They make sure that laws are followed and that everyone is safe. In this analogy, DNA is the city, replication binding proteins are the police officers, and genes are the citizens.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Binding proteins can be thought of as the social security numbers of DNA replication. They bind to specific sequences on the DNA molecule and help ensure that the correct strands are copied during replication.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A ligase could be thought of as a social connector. Just as a ligase joins two pieces of DNA together, a social connector links people together and helps them to interact.	ligase	Explain ligase using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A ligase is a social science term that refers to the process of linking or connecting two or more things together. In sociology, for example, it might refer to the way in which people from different backgrounds are brought together into one cohesive unit.	ligase	Explain ligase using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
A ligase is a connector. It takes two pieces of metal and welds them together, creating one strong piece. In the social world, a ligase is someone who connects different people together, helping to create new relationships.	ligase	Explain ligase using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A control block is a collection of rules that dictate how a system should behave. In social science, these might be things like laws or regulations. They help keep the system in check and prevent it from going off track.	process control block	Explain process control block using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
A process control block can be thought of as a social scientist's toolbox. It is a collection of methods and techniques that can be used to understand and influence the behavior of a system. The tools in the box are selected based on the specific needs of the situation, and they are used to achieve the desired outcome.	process control block	Explain process control block using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A process control block is like a social scientist's lab notebook. It is a place where data about the experiment are collected and recorded. This information can be used to help make decisions about how to change the experiment in order to produce better results.	process control block	Explain process control block using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Message encoding is similar to translating a message from one language to another. The original message is converted into a code that can be read by the intended recipient.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
When an email is sent, it is first encoded into a format that can be transmitted through the internet. This encoding takes into account things like the sender's email address, the recipient's email address, and which type of message it is (e.g., a text or an image). Once it has been encoded, it is then sent as bits of data through the internet to the recipient's computer. The recipient's computer then decodes the message and displays it in a readable format.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Encoding a message is like assigning a number to each letter of the alphabet. So A=1, B=2, C=3 and so on. When you want to send a message, you simply type in the numbers for the letters that make up your message. The person receiving the message will need to have a code book that tells them what each number stands for.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A receptor site is like a person's social security number. It is unique and specific to that person. When someone tries to use someone else's social security number, the system will not recognize it and will not allow the transaction to take place. In the same way, when someone tries to use a drug that does not bind with their specific receptor site, the drug will not be able to produce its desired effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Drugs are like people. They have personalities, likes and dislikes, and desires. Receptor sites are like social circles. Some receptor sites only want to interact with certain drugs, while other sites will accept any drug that comes along. Drug-receptor site interactions are a bit like dating; sometimes it's a match made in heaven, while other times it's a total disaster.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Drugs are like people. People can have different personalities and interact with each other in different ways. Some people get along great, some don't get along at all, and some have a love-hate relationship. Receptor sites are like places where people hang out. Every person has their own favorite place to go, but they might also visit other places from time to time.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A monitor can be thought of as a bouncer in a nightclub. They are responsible for ensuring that the club remains safe and that everyone is following the rules. In the same way, monitors on social media sites are responsible for ensuring that users are abiding by the site's terms of service and behaving in a respectful manner.	monitor	Explain monitor using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Monitoring is like keeping an eye on things. It's a way of making sure that everything is going as it should and that any problems or issues are noticed and dealt with quickly.	monitor	Explain monitor using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A monitor is like a scientist who observes and records the behavior of animals in a lab.	monitor	Explain monitor using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The CPU, or Central Processing Unit, can be thought of as the brain of a computer. The CPU is responsible for controlling and coordinating all the activities of the computer. It reads and executes instructions from memory, accesses data from storage devices, and controls the output to displays and other peripherals.	cpu	Explain cpu using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The CPU is the brain of the computer. It controls all the operations that take place in the computer, just as your brain controls all of your body's functions.	cpu	Explain cpu using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
CPU stands for Central Processing Unit. It is the "brain" of your computer and controls all the other parts, like the monitor, keyboard, mouse, etc. It processes all of the information that comes into your computer and sends it to the correct place so you can see it or use it.	cpu	Explain cpu using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
A motherboard can be analogized to a country's government. It is the central organizing force that oversees and coordinates all of the other components in the system. It provides a framework for communication and cooperation between different parts of the system, much like how a government creates rules and regulations to help guide society. Additionally, just as a government is responsible for ensuring the safety and security of its citizens, a motherboard is responsible for protecting the data and devices connected to it.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the social contract of a society. It is the document that outlines the rights and responsibilities of its citizens. It also lays out how the government will be structured, and what powers it will have. Like a motherboard, a social contract must be updated from time to time to reflect changes in the society it governs.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the social structure of a family. It is the central component that ties all the other parts together and provides a foundation for them to work off of. Just like a family, a motherboard has many different parts that each have their own function (CPU, graphics card, memory, etc) but ultimately rely on the motherboard to keep everything coordinated and running smoothly.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Ram can be thought of as the head of a social group or organization. He is responsible for making decisions and setting an example for the rest of the members. Ram also represents the group to outsiders and is responsible for its reputation.	ram	Explain ram using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Ram can be seen as a bully. He is always pushing other kids around and trying to take their food. Ram represents the 1% who have all the wealth and power, while the rest of us are left struggling to get by.	ram	Explain ram using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Ram can be thought of as an individual who is highly aggressive and competitive. This behavior can be seen in individuals when they are vying for scarce resources, such as food or mates. Rams will butt their heads against each other to assert dominance and win the competition.	ram	Explain ram using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a water tower. The power supply unit provides a steady flow of electricity to the various devices in your home, just as the water tower provides a steady flow of water to the various faucets in your home.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The power supply unit can be thought of as the town hall or city hall. It is the central location where all the important decisions about the city are made. In a similar way, the power supply unit is the central location for all of your computer's important decisions - like how much power to give each component and when to turn them on and off.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The power supply unit can be thought of as the government in a society. It is responsible for ensuring that the citizens have access to resources (electricity in this analogy) and that all members of society are treated fairly. The power supply unit may also provide other services, such as security or transportation.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The keyboard can be seen as a tool that allows for the typing of words and the sending of messages. Just like other tools, the keyboard has specific purposes and functions that it can serve depending on how it is used.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Just as a keyboard is an input device for a computer, social capital can be seen as an input into the economic and political life of society. The more keys you have on your keyboard, the wider range of letters and words you can type. Similarly, social capital allows for a greater variety of interactions and connections within society, which in turn leads to increased opportunities and outcomes.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A keyboard is like a group of people. Each key on the keyboard corresponds to a different person. When you press a key, that person speaks.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A mouse is like a small child. It is curious and playful, and it explores its surroundings by running around and climbing on things.	mouse	Explain mouse using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The mouse is a small, brown rodent that lives in fields and woodlands. It is known for its ability to run quickly, and for making squeaking noises. Mice live in colonies of up to 50 individuals, with a dominant male and female at the head of the group. The mice use their speed and agility to protect themselves from predators such as hawks, foxes, and snakes.	mouse	Explain mouse using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
A mouse is like a small, furry creature that people use to interact with their computer screens.	mouse	Explain mouse using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An audio card is like a social worker. It helps to connect people who need help (the sound) with the resources they need (the speakers).	audio card	Explain audio card using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An audio card can be thought of as a social scientist's toolkit. Just as an audio card allows you to collect, store, and analyze sound data, a social scientist's toolkit allows them to collect, store, and analyze social data.	audio card	Explain audio card using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for an audio card would be that it is like a speaker. The speaker allows you to hear what is being said, and the audio card allows you to hear what is being played on your computer.	audio card	Explain audio card using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A video card can be thought of as a social scientist's microscope. Just as a microscope allows a social scientist to view objects at high magnifications, a video card allows them to see the graphics on a computer screen in greater detail. This is important for tasks like analyzing data or creating presentations, where clarity and precision are essential.	video card	Explain video card using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A video card can be thought of as an individual's social security number. Just as a social security number is used to identify an individual, a video card is used to identify a computer.	video card	Explain video card using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A video card can be most closely compared to a social group. Just as each person in a social group has their own unique personality and role, each component on a video card serves its own specific purpose. The processor is like the brains of the operation, controlling all activity; the memory is like short-term storage for information; and the graphics processing unit (GPU) is like the visual cortex, translating data into images that we see onscreen.	video card	Explain video card using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A tree's age calculation can be thought of as similar to calculating a person's age. Just as people are born and then grow older, trees also start small and grow larger over time. By counting the number of rings in a cross section of a tree trunk (much like counting someone's birthdays), you can estimate that tree's age.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A tree's age calculation is similar to the way that a human's age is calculated. By counting the number of years since the tree was planted, you can estimate how old it is.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A tree's age calculation can be seen as similar to how a human's age is calculated. Just as humans are born at one day old and increment their age by one on each subsequent birthday, trees are counted as zero years old when they are first planted and increase their age by one each year thereafter.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Glycolysis is the process that breaks down glucose into pyruvate. In terms of social science, glycolysis can be thought of as the process that turns individual people (glucose) into a mass (pyruvate).	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two pyruvic acids. This process can be thought of as a social science analogy as follows: glycolysis is like a group of people getting together to discuss a problem. The people in this group are divided into two teams, one team tries to come up with a solution to the problem and the other team tries to block them from finding a solution. The goal of glycolysis is for both teams to work together and come up with a solution that everyone agrees on.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into energy. In social science, it would be like a group of people getting together to share resources and work together to get things done. The glucose would represent the resources that are being shared, and the energy would represent the work that is being done.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
When light shines on a material, some of the energy is absorbed and some is scattered. When people are talking in a room, sound waves are created by the movement of their vocal cords. Some of these sound waves are absorbed by objects in the room (like furniture), and some are scattered (echoing off walls). Anti-stokes scattering is when a material scatters more energy than it absorbs. In social science terms, anti-stokes scattering would be like when someone shouts in a room and echoes off the walls.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One possible analogy for explaining anti-stokes scattering uses the idea of a cocktail party. Assume there are two people at a cocktail party, A and B. Party goer A is actively talking to party goer B, while party goer C is standing off to the side listening to the conversation. Now imagine that party goer C starts talking loudly over the top of both A and B. This would be analogous to anti-stokes scattering; it would interrupt or drown out the original signal between A and B.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Suppose you are at a party, and someone across the room is trying to get your attention. They may shout or wave their arms in an effort to get your attention. This is analogous to how light waves scatter when they encounter a particle. The light waves that come directly from the source (the person shouting across the room) are called "direct waves." The light waves that bounce off of other people and objects in the room are called "indirect waves."	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Stokes scattering is the process by which light particles scatter off of other particles. This analogy would be similar to how people interact with one another. Some people will naturally gravitate towards each other, while others will avoid interaction. In the same way, some light particles will scatter more than others depending on their size and shape.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Stokes scattering is similar to the way people interact in a social setting. Some people are extroverted and will approach others, while others are introverted and will wait for someone to approach them. In the same way, some photons are more likely to scatter than others due to their energy levels.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Stokes scattering is named after George G. Stokes, who first described the phenomenon in 1852. It is similar to the way light scatters off of particles in the atmosphere, causing the sky to be blue. In a social science analogy, stokes scattering can be thought of as people chatting in a room. The sound waves (or light waves) bounce off of people and scatter around the room, creating an overall noise level.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that will kill 50% of the population who are exposed to it. It can be thought of as the amount of a toxin in a city's water supply that would kill half of the population if they drank it.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a toxin that kills 50% of a population. This analogy might help to understand it: If you have 100 people in a room and half of them die after being exposed to a toxin, then the median lethal dose would be said to be 50 mg/kg.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
If you think of the median lethal dose as a kind of legal drinking limit, it would be like saying that it's illegal to drink more than two beers if you want to stay under the legal driving limit. In other words, consuming more than the median lethal dose can get you in trouble.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Can you think of a way to explain the universe using a social science analogy? One way to think about the universe is as an enormous society, with billions of stars and planets serving as its citizens. Like any society, the universe has rules that govern how it works. These rules can be studied by scientists, who learn about them through observation and experimentation. Just like in any society, there are also some mysteries about the universe that we may never fully understand.	universe	Explain universe using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The universe can be thought of as a large society, where everything is interconnected. The planets and stars are like the people in this society, and they all interact with each other. Gravity is like the laws that govern this society, dictating how everyone behaves.	universe	Explain universe using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The universe is like a large social network. It has billions of people (stars) and each person has many friends (planets). These friends can be close to one another, or they can be far apart. Some people are very popular, while others have few friends. The planets orbit around the sun, just as people move around in their social networks. Occasionally, two planets will collide (meet), or one planet will become captured by another planet's gravity.	universe	Explain universe using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like social workers in that they help things run smoothly. Enzymes work by attaching themselves to a molecule and then making it easier for that molecule to react with other molecules. This is kind of like how social workers help connect people so that they can form relationships.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like workers in a factory. They are responsible for producing the product (in this analogy, the enzyme's substrate is converted to the final product). The workers can only do their job if they have all of the tools and materials they need. In the same way, enzymes can only work if they have all of the components necessary for catalysis. These components include water, oxygen, and a source of energy (usually from food).	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Enzyme mechanisms can be thought of as social conventions. Just as people follow certain conventions (like shaking hands or bowing) in order to facilitate communication and cooperation, enzymes use their specific mechanisms to help proteins interact smoothly and efficiently. Enzymes recognize and bind specifically to other molecules thanks to their unique shapes, much like people are able to identify others based on facial features or mannerisms. This interaction allows the enzymes to control the pace of chemical reactions, ensuring that everything runs smoothly.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A one-way ANOVA is used to test the hypothesis that there is a difference in the population means of three or more groups. For example, imagine you are a social scientist interested in whether there is a difference in the average number of friends people from different countries have. You would collect data from individuals in several different countries and measure their number of friends. You would then run a one-way ANOVA to determine if there was a statistically significant difference in the average number of friends between these countries.	anova	Explain anova using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An Anova is a statistical analysis tool that can be used to compare the means of two or more groups. It stands for “Analysis of Variance” and it allows researchers to determine if there is a significant difference in the means of the groups being compared. This test is often used in social science research, such as studies on human behavior.	anova	Explain anova using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
An ANOVA is a scientific way of testing whether there is a statistically significant difference between the means of two or more groups. It does this by breaking down the total variability in the data into three parts: variability within groups, variability between groups, and residual (error) variability. The ANOVA then calculates how much of the total variability can be explained by group differences. If there is a statistically significant difference between the means of two or more groups, it means that at least some of the variation in the data can be attributed to those group differences.	anova	Explain anova using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
A thermostat is like a bouncer at a club. It decides who gets in and who doesn't. If the temperature inside the club falls below a certain threshold, the bouncer will let more people in to warm up the place.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A thermostat is a device used to regulate the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on and off the heating or cooling system as needed. A social science analogy for this would be something like a policeman. The policeman is responsible for keeping the peace and making sure that everyone follows the law. Just like the thermostat regulates the temperature, the policeman regulates the behavior of people in order to keep things calm and orderly.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A thermostat is like a referee in a sports game. It ensures that the temperature of the room stays consistent by turning on or off the heating or cooling system as needed.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Social scientists study how populations of organisms interact with each other. In ecology, for example, one important question is what happens to the population size of a particular species when it's introduced into a new environment? The answer depends on many factors, including the reproductive rates of the different species and how well they're able to survive in their new surroundings. But if all environmental conditions are equal, the populations will eventually reach equilibrium, where the birth rate and death rate are equal.In much the same way, chemical reactions can also reach equilibrium. This occurs when the forward reaction (the one that produces products) and reverse reaction (the one that produces reactants) occur at about the same rate. At equilibrium, there is no net change in concentration of any of the chemicals involved in the reaction.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In a social science analogy, chemical equilibrium can be thought of as the point at which two factions are in balance. In order for either faction to gain an advantage, it would require more energy input than is currently available. This analogy can be applied to many different situations, including political parties, countries in a conflict, and companies with competing interests.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A chemical equilibrium is like a group of people who are all talking to each other. The more people talk, the more noise there is. Eventually, everyone will stop talking and listen to what everyone else is saying. That's when equilibrium is reached.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In the social sciences, just-in-time is a theory that suggests that groups and organizations function most efficiently when tasks are completed as close to the time they are needed as possible. This means that people only receive information or complete tasks when it is absolutely necessary. Just-in-time also relies on members of the group being able to communicate effectively and work together to achieve common goals.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	0
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve efficiency by reducing the time between when an order is placed and when it is filled. This analogy might help explain how just-in-time works: Imagine you are at a party and run out of snacks. You can either go home to get more, or you can ask someone else at the party if they have any extra. If you go home, you'll miss out on all the fun. But if someone else has some extra snacks, you can stay at the party and enjoy yourself. In the same way, just-in-time allows businesses to reduce the amount of time they spend waiting for supplies by having them delivered right when they're needed.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Just-in-time is similar to a supermarket stocking only enough food for the day. If there is an unexpected rush of customers, the store will run out of food. However, if the store restocks just in time for the next wave of customers, then it will never run out of food. The same principle applies to manufacturing. A factory will produce only enough parts for the next day's orders. This prevents inventory from building up and allows factories to be more flexible with their production schedules.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One analogy used to explain adaptive immunity is the body's immune response being similar to a neighborhood watch. The body's white blood cells are like the homeowners in a neighborhood who keep an eye out for any suspicious activity, and when they see something that doesn't look right, they investigate. If they determine that there is a threat, they will take action to eliminate it. This analogy can be further broken down into three parts: surveillance, identification, and response.In the surveillance stage, the white blood cells are constantly on the lookout for potential threats. They do this by scanning their surroundings for anything that looks unusual or out of place. In the identification stage, once a threat has been identified, the white blood cells work together to determine what type of threat it is. This involves analyzing its size, shape, and other characteristics in order to come up with a plan for dealing with it. In the response stage, if necessary, the white blood cells will take action to eliminate the threat. This may involve killing off infected cells or attacking foreign invaders directly	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
In sociology, there is the concept of a “protectorate”. A protectorate is a social relationship in which one person or group has an obligation to protect another person or group from harm. This analogy can be used to explain adaptive immunity. In immune system terms, the “protectorate” would be the body’s adaptive immune system, and the thing being protected (the “protected”) would be the body’s non-adaptive immune system. The reason why this analogy is useful is because it highlights how important it is for the body to have two separate immunity systems – if it didn’t, then any potential pathogens could easily overcome the body's defenses and cause serious damage.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One way to think about adaptive immunity is as a kind of social insurance system. In a society with social insurance, people pay into the system during their working years, and then receive benefits from it when they retire or become disabled. The benefits they receive are based on how much they paid in and on the needs of society as a whole.In the same way, adaptive immunity is based on contributions (i.e., infections) made by individuals throughout their lives. The more infections an individual contracts, the more antibodies they produce. And those antibodies can be used to help fight off future infections for that individual and for others in the population too.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The law of ohms is similar to the law of supply and demand in social science. Just as the law of supply and demand states that when there is more demand for a product than there is available supply, the price of the product will go up, ohm's law says that when there is more current flowing through a circuit than there is resistance to that flow, the voltage across the terminals of the circuit will rise.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Ohm's law is similar to the law of conservation of energy. Just as energy can neither be created nor destroyed, electrical current cannot be created or destroyed- it can only be changed from one form to another.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of Ohm's law is that it governs the strength of relationships between people. Just as a resistor limits the flow of electricity through a circuit, so too do strong relationships (high resistance) limit the flow of information or emotions between people. Conversely, weak relationships (low resistance) allow for more easily communication and emotion sharing.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Transcription is the process of turning a live or recorded speech into written form. It is often likened to taking notes in a meeting, where the transcriber tries to capture all the important points made by each speaker as accurately as possible.	transcription	Explain transcription using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Transcription is like taking notes in a class. You are listening to the teacher and writing down what they say so you can remember it later.	transcription	Explain transcription using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
One can think of transcription as taking notes at a meeting. The transcriber takes down everything that is said, including any side conversations or comments made by people in the room. This is then turned into a written document that captures all of the discussion from the meeting.	transcription	Explain transcription using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
RNA polymerase can be seen as the "conductor" of the cell. Just as a conductor directs an orchestra, RNA polymerase helps to orchestrate the transcription of DNA into mRNA.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Rna polymerase can be seen as a secretary in a business. The rna polymerase reads the instructions (the dna) and creates a new document (rna) with the same information.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for RNA polymerase would be to think of it as a group of people who are all working together to create something. The people in this analogy would be the individual nucleotides that make up the RNA molecule, and the thing they are creating is the new RNA molecule.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes can be thought of as the factories of the cell. They are responsible for producing all of the proteins that are required by the cell. Just like a real factory, ribosomes require raw materials in order to produce products. The raw materials for ribosomes are called mRNA (molecules that carry genetic information) and tRNA (molecules that bind to amino acids).	ribosome	Explain ribosome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are the workers in a factory. They take orders from the boss (the DNA) and create products that are needed.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories in a city. They produce all of the proteins that are used by the cells in the body.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An activator protein is a molecule that helps to turn on a particular gene. In the same way that an event or action can activate someone to take specific action, the activator protein turns on a gene to start producing a particular product.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The activator protein is a bit like the boss of a company. It's responsible for getting things done and making sure that everything runs smoothly. Without it, the company would be in chaos!	activator protein	Explain activator protein using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An activator protein is like a supervisor in a social science setting. The supervisor's role is to ensure that all of the workers are doing their job and to help them when they need it. The activator protein does the same thing for the cells in our body by making sure that all of the proteins are working correctly and helping them when they need it.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
An electric circuit can be thought of as a group of people who are all interconnected. Every person in the group is either directly or indirectly connected to every other person in the group. If one person in the group has something important to say, then everyone in the group will hear it.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for an electric circuit would be a group of people who are all connected to each other. If one person in the group starts to clap, then everyone in the group will start clapping too. This is because they are all interconnected and share the same energy.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Electricity is often thought of as a flow of water. Just like water flows through pipes to your house, electricity flows through wires to power your devices. The voltage in the electric circuit is like the water pressure, and the current is like the amount of water flowing at any given time.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Water is like people in a social setting. The water molecules are constantly interacting with one another, and they are drawn to each other because of the hydrogen bonds between them. This is similar to how people are drawn to each other in social settings, because they share common interests and interact with each other regularly. However, when something comes along that disrupts this interaction (like a hydrophobic molecule), the water molecules will be repelled from each other just like people would be if an outsider came into their group and disrupted the conversation.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The hydrophobic effect is similar to people who do not like to be around other people. The people are all crowded together and it makes them uncomfortable. The hydrophobic molecule is like the person who does not want to be around other people. It is uncomfortable being in a crowd of water molecules and it wants to move away from them.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in aqueous solutions. This can be explained using the analogy of social science, where people with similar interests or backgrounds tend to group together. In a similar way, nonpolar molecules are attracted to each other and form clusters in an aqueous solution.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
When your boss asks you to do something, she is sending a signal to your brain. The signal is transmitted by way of neurotransmitters, which are like tiny messengers that carry the request from your boss's brain to yours. Once the message arrives in your brain, it activates certain cells called neurons, which then tell your body what to do.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
The process of social signal transduction is analogous to the process of biological signal transduction. In both cases, a sender transmits a message through a medium, and the receiver interprets the message. The difference is that in social signal transduction, the medium is communication channels such as words or gestures, and in biological signal transduction, the medium is chemical signals such as hormones.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for signal transduction would be a person sending a message to another person. The sender transmits the message by speaking or writing it, and the recipient interprets the message. In order for the communication to be successful, both parties must be able to understand each other.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using a social science analogy.	ht	social science	1
Nadh is like a gas stove. It is a source of heat that helps to cook food. In the same way, nadh helps to cook food for the body by providing energy.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Proteins are like the bricks in a wall. Just as bricks are used to build a wall, proteins are used to build the body.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe is written in a specific language that is understood by the cook. The ingredients are listed and the steps are outlined. The cook follows the recipe to make the cake.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A glycogen molecule is like a big container of gas. It can be filled up with a lot of gas, but it can also be emptied out quickly. When the gas is in the container, the container is full. When the gas is gone, the container is empty.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a factory inside the cell. The endoplasmic reticulum manufactures proteins that are used inside the cell. The proteins are made in the cytoplasm of the cell and then transported to the endoplasmic reticulum. The endoplasmic reticulum is like a conveyor belt that transports the proteins to different parts of the factory. The proteins are then modified and packaged inside the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, sorts them, and sends them to the correct destination.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. It is responsible for letting certain things (such as nutrients and oxygen) into the cell, and keeping other things (such as toxins and waste products) out.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Lysosomes are like tiny garbage cans inside of cells. They digest old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	0
Peroxisomes are like the recycling plant in your town. They take all of the old, broken, and unusable materials and recycle them into new materials that can be used again.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "power plants" of the cell. Just as a power plant provides electricity for a city, mitochondria provide energy for the cell.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Chloroplasts are like the solar panels of a plant. They use sunlight to convert carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides support to the cells and helps them to stay organized.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
ATP is like the gasoline in a car. It is what provides the energy for the car to move.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
NADPH is like the fuel that powers a car. It helps the car run by providing energy to the engine.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like the recycling plant of the cell. They recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and carbohydrates.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Mytochondria are like the batteries in a flashlight. They store energy and provide power to the light. Mytochondria are found in the cells of the body and they provide energy to the cells.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Magnets have two poles, a north pole and a south pole. If you have two magnets and you bring the north poles together, the magnets will repel each other. If you bring the south poles together, the magnets will attract each other. Electric forces work the same way. If you have two positively charged particles, they will repel each other. If you have two negatively charged particles, they will attract each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The analogy of an electron's orbital is a group of people in a large room. The people are all randomly moving around the room. Some people are standing in the middle of the room, while others are standing on the edges of the room. The people in the middle of the room are like the electrons in an orbital, while the people on the edges of the room are like the electrons in a shell.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The analogy for the first line of defense in the body would be a castle with a wall and a moat. The wall is the first line of defense, and the moat is the second.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Macrophages are like the police of the body. They patrol the body and look for things that are not supposed to be there. When they find something, they attack it and try to get rid of it.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A t-helper cell is like a police officer. They are responsible for keeping the body functioning properly and fighting off infection.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and look for signs of infection or disease. When they find something, they sound the alarm and call in the other parts of the immune system to help fight the infection or disease.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as "killer cells." They are a type of white blood cell that is responsible for attacking and destroying cells that are infected or cancerous.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
One way to think of the way bacteria invade is to imagine them as being a bit like a virus. Just as a virus can invade a computer and take over its functions, bacteria can invade the cells of the body and take over their functions. In both cases, the invaders use the host's resources to replicate and spread.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Action potential can be thought of as a crowd of people. Each person is an individual, but when they all come together, they create a powerful force. This is similar to how action potential works in the body. Individual cells create an action potential when they all come together. This creates a powerful force that can travel through the body.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Chromatography is like a party. The different colors of the party guests are like the different colors of molecules in a sample. The party guests are all mixed together when they first arrive, but as they move around the party, they start to separate out. The guests who are standing in the same place for a while start to blend in with each other and become one color. The guests who are moving around a lot stay separate and keep their original colors. Chromatography is like a party because it is a way of separating molecules based on their different colors (or different sizes, shapes, or weights).	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A star's life can be thought of as a human's life. The star is born, it grows older, and it eventually dies. The main-sequence lifetime of a star is the length of time it spends as a main-sequence star.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Nucleus can be thought of as the brain of a social group. Just as the brain controls all the functions of the body, the nucleus controls all the functions of the group. It regulates the group's communication, decision-making, and organizing.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. The DNA is like the blueprint for the machines. The RNA is like the workers who build the machines.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a postal service. The cell's nucleus sends messages (packages) to the Golgi apparatus, and the Golgi apparatus sends the messages (packages) to the correct destination within the cell. The messages (packages) can be thought of as proteins, which are created in the nucleus.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. They digest things that the cell needs, like food or waste.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. It is responsible for controlling what enters and leaves the nucleus of the cell.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A vacuole is like a container that can hold different things. It is like a container that can hold water, or food, or anything else.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "lifeblood" of a cell. It is a thick, viscous fluid that contains the cell's organelles and genetic material. Just as blood circulates through the body and provides essential nutrients and oxygen to the organs, the cytoplasm circulates through the cell and provides essential nutrients and oxygen to the organelles.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Chromosomes are like books in a library. They are organized in a specific way and contain a lot of information.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the "social media" of the cell. It is a space where different molecules and proteins interact with each other, just as people interact with each other on social media platforms. The cytosol is also responsible for carrying out the cell's functions, just as social media platforms are responsible for carrying out the functions of their respective websites or apps.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A cell is like a small town. It has a mayor, a police force, a fire department, and a hospital. It also has a grocery store, a bank, and a post office.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A vesicle is like a small, round container that is used to store things. It is like a small, round box that is used to store things.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a city wall. It is a barrier that surrounds the city and protects it from attack. The cell wall is made of tough material that is difficult to break through.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Cells are like people in a city. Each person has their own job, and they all work together to make the city run. Cells are also like a factory. Each cell has a specific job, and they all work together to make the factory run.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer's job is to decide who gets in and who doesn't. The bouncer is selective about who he lets in, and he makes sure that the people inside the nightclub are safe. The cell membrane is selective about what it lets into the cell. It allows only certain things to pass through, and it makes sure that the things that enter the cell are safe.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The Golgi body can be thought of as the postal service of the cell. It receives packages (vesicles) from the endoplasmic reticulum, processes them, and sends them to their destinations (the cell membrane, lysosomes, or other organelles).	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A capacitor is a bit like a water tank. It can store a certain amount of energy, just like a tank can store a certain amount of water. The energy in a capacitor can be used to do things like turn on a light or run a motor.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity. Just as a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage. Just as a river can be dammed to create a reservoir, a voltage can be created to store electricity. Just as a river can be used to power mills, electric current can be used to power electronic devices.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Voltage is like water pressure. Just as water pressure can cause water to flow through a pipe, voltage can cause electricity to flow through a wire.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A cell is like a small town. The town has a grocery store, a bank, a post office, and a few other small businesses. The grocery store is a general store that sells a variety of items. The bank is a specialized store that sells only banking services. The post office is a specialized store that sells only postal services. The other small businesses are general stores that sell a variety of items.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to the law of gravity. Just as gravity pulls objects towards the center of the Earth, voltage pushes electrons towards the positive terminal. Like objects in a gravitational field, electrons in an electric field are attracted to the positive terminal and repelled from the negative terminal.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. The people in the front of the group are moving quickly, while the people in the back are moving more slowly. The people in the back are also being pushed forward by the people in the front.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. Just like a machine needs oil to keep it running smoothly, enzymes need a special molecule called a cofactor to help them do their job.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as a library. The library has many shelves, and each shelf has many books. The books on the shelves are the active memory. The active memory is what we are using right now to think and remember things. The books on the shelves are always changing, as we add new books and take old books away.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. This is like when you are in a hurry to get somewhere, but the slowest person in your group is holding you back. The slowest step is the rate-determining step, and it determines the overall speed of the reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Column chromatography is like a grocery store. The different types of food (solutes) are like the different types of molecules in a sample. The different aisles (channels) are like the different types of solvents. The different shelves (plates) are like the different heights of the solvents. The different products (food items) are like the different molecules in the sample.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a group of people who are all talking at the same time. Each person is talking, but they are also listening to what the other people are saying. So, each person is constantly adjusting their talking based on what the other people are saying.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A vacuole is like a container that can hold a lot of things. It is like a big box that can hold a lot of things inside it.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A transport vesicle is like a bus. The bus picks up passengers at one stop and drops them off at another stop. The bus is filled with passengers who are going to the same destination. The passengers are all in the same place and they all want to go to the same place.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the "brakes" of the cell. They help to keep the cell from becoming cancerous. When these genes are mutated, they can no longer do their job, and the cell becomes cancerous.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Oncogenes are like viruses that can cause cancer. Just as a virus can infect a computer and make it run slowly or cause it to crash, oncogenes can make cells run out of control and become cancerous.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing out of control.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Brittle software is like a vase. It is very fragile and can easily break.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Resonance hybrid is a bit like a mixed martial arts fighter. It is made up of different parts, but when it comes together it is a powerful force. In the same way, a resonance hybrid is made up of different parts of orbitals, but when they come together they create a powerful force that helps to stabilize the molecule.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a group of people standing in a line, each person holding the hand of the person in front of them. As the person at the front of the line moves, the people in the line move with them. In the same way, as a wave of energy moves through a material, the atoms in the material move with it.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
An electroencephalogram is a bit like a car's dashboard. It records all the different things going on in your brain - just as a car dashboard records all the different things going on in your car.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a photocopier. The DNA molecule is like the original document, and the copies are the photocopies.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
RNA transcription is a bit like a group of people taking a dictation. The person giving the dictation is the RNA molecule, and the people taking down the dictation are the RNA polymerases. The RNA molecule provides the instructions for building a protein, and the RNA polymerases follow these instructions to create a copy of the RNA molecule.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Protein translation is a bit like making a pizza. The recipe for the pizza is the DNA code for the pizza, and the ingredients are the proteins that make up the pizza. The DNA code is like the recipe, and the proteins are like the ingredients. The recipe is read by the cook, and the ingredients are put into the oven to cook. The proteins are made in the oven, and then the pizza is ready to eat.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a human society, where the different parts of the system (e.g. people, institutions, natural resources) interact with each other to produce a functioning whole. Just as in a human society, an ecosystem has a variety of different parts that must work together in order to survive. The people in an ecosystem (e.g. plants, animals, fungi) interact with each other and with their environment to produce food, shelter, and other resources. The institutions in an ecosystem (e.g. governments, businesses, schools) provide rules and regulations that help to keep the system functioning. The natural resources in an ecosystem (e.g. air, water, land) are used by the people and institutions to produce the things they need.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be thought of as a crowd of people walking down a street. The first person in the crowd starts walking and then the rest of the people in the crowd start walking after them. This is similar to how an action potential starts at the beginning of the neuron and then travels down the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Breathing in frogs is similar to how humans breathe in. The frog inhales air through its nose and the air travels down its throat and into its lungs. Frogs exhale by pushing the air out of their lungs through their nose.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A layered architecture is like a cake. The cake is made up of many layers, and each layer is a different flavor. The cake is also topped with frosting, which is a different flavor than the cake. The cake is also decorated with sprinkles, which are a different flavor than the cake or the frosting.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A limiting reactant can be thought of as a scarce resource, while the excess reactant can be thought of as the abundant resource. In the context of a party, the limiting reactant would be the alcohol, while the excess reactant would be the food.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. The cell has a nucleus (the city hall), mitochondria (the power plants), and other organelles (the different neighborhoods). The cell also has proteins (the police) and RNA (the city planners).	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. The town has a mayor, a few police officers, a few firefighters, and a few other government officials. The town also has a few businesses, a few schools, and a few homes. The town is small and everyone knows each other.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The analogy is of an office. The kernel is the boss, who makes all the important decisions and oversees everything. The other parts of the office are the workers, who carry out the boss's orders. The workers can't make decisions on their own, and the boss can't do the work of the workers.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A limiting reactant is like a traffic jam on a highway. The more cars that try to enter the highway, the more congested the highway becomes and the slower the traffic moves. The same is true for a chemical reaction. The more reactants that are added to the reaction, the slower the reaction will proceed. The reactant that becomes limiting is the one that causes the reaction to slow down the most.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Helicase is like a lock-picking tool. It is a protein that helps to unzip the two strands of DNA so that the DNA can be copied.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the workers who help build the house. The DNA is the blueprint for the house, and the replication binding proteins are the workers who help put it all together.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Ligase can be thought of as a social glue. It helps to hold societies together by binding people together through common experiences, shared goals, and a sense of community. Ligase is essential for creating strong, cohesive societies.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A process control block can be thought of as a traffic light. It is a system that helps to regulate the flow of traffic.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Message encoding is like translating a message from one language to another. The translator needs to understand both languages in order to accurately translate the message.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
One way to think about how drugs interact with receptor sites is to imagine them as locks and keys. The drug is the key, and the receptor site is the lock. The drug fits into the receptor site like a key fits into a lock, and this interaction allows the drug to have its effects on the body.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A monitor is like a referee in a sports game. They are there to make sure that the game is fair and that the players are following the rules. Monitors in social science research are there to make sure that the research is fair and that the participants are following the rules.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A CPU is like a brain. It is the part of the computer that does the thinking.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the skeleton of a computer. It is a flat, rectangular board that houses the central processing unit (CPU), memory, and other key components. It is also responsible for connecting these components to the outside world.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Ramming is like when you put your car in reverse and then hit the gas. It's like you're pushing your car backwards.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a water tower. Just as a water tower supplies a community with water, a power supply unit supplies a community with electricity.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A keyboard is like a group of people who live in a house. The people in the house can talk to each other and they can also talk to people who live in other houses. The keyboard is like a telephone.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A mouse is like a tiny person who lives in your computer. They help you do things on the computer by clicking on things with their little pointer finger.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
An audio card can be thought of as a translator between the digital language of a computer and the analog language of sound. It converts the ones and zeroes of a digital audio file into the electrical signals that speakers use to create sound.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A video card can be thought of as a translator between the digital information on a computer and the images that are displayed on a monitor. The video card takes the digital information from the computer and converts it into a format that the monitor can understand. It then sends the images to the monitor, where they are displayed.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A tree's age calculation is like a human's age calculation. Just as humans are born and then grow older, trees are born and then grow older. Trees can be measured in years just like humans can be measured in years.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Glycolysis is like a car. The glucose is the fuel, and the oxygen is the air. The car can't run without both the fuel and the air.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
One possible analogy for anti-stokes scattering is the scattering of light by a raindrop. In this analogy, the light is analogous to the energy of the particles, and the raindrop is analogous to the scattering center. When light shines on a raindrop, some of the light is scattered in all directions. This is analogous to the energy of the particles being scattered in all directions. However, some of the light is also absorbed by the raindrop. This is analogous to the energy of the particles being absorbed by the scattering center.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Stokes scattering is a bit like when you throw a stone into a pond. The stone creates ripples that spread outwards. The same thing happens with light. When light hits a particle, it creates ripples that spread outwards. These ripples are called photons.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that is lethal to 50% of the population. This can be thought of as the amount of a substance that is lethal to the average person.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	0
The universe can be thought of as a large social group. The planets and stars can be thought of as people in the group. The sun can be thought of as the leader of the group. The planets and stars orbit around the sun. This can be thought of as people following the leader.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are like tiny robots that help chemical reactions happen in the body.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	0
The analogy of an anova is to a courtroom trial. In an anova, the null hypothesis is like the defense, and the alternative hypothesis is like the prosecution. The data is like the evidence, and the anova statistic is like the verdict.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
A thermostat is like a person's mood. It determines how warm or cool a person feels.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a group of people in a room. The people are all talking to each other and some are standing in the middle of the room, while others are standing by the door. The people in the middle are the most active, while the people by the door are the least active. The people in the room are in equilibrium because the amount of people in the middle and by the door is the same.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Just-in-time is like having a personal assistant who helps you get everything done just in time for your meeting.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an immune system that is constantly learning and evolving. It is similar to the way that a human brain learns and evolves over time, by adapting to new experiences.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Ohm's law can be thought of as a relationship between water pressure and the flow of water through a pipe. Just as water pressure is a measure of how much force is pushing water through a pipe, voltage is a measure of how much force is pushing electrons through a wire. Just as the size of the pipe affects the flow of water, the thickness of the wire affects the flow of electrons. Finally, just as the water temperature affects the flow of water, the temperature of the wire affects the flow of electrons.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Transcription is like taking dictation from a boss. The boss speaks quickly and you have to write down everything they say.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
RNA polymerase is like a construction worker. It takes the blueprints (mRNA) and builds the house (protein).	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the machines that put together the pieces of a car. The car has a lot of different parts, and the machines put the parts together in the right order. The ribosomes do the same thing with the proteins.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks a door. The activator protein binds to a specific site on the DNA molecule and then activates the transcription of that gene.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Electricity is like water in a hose. The water pressure (voltage) is like the water pressure in the hose. The amount of water flowing through the hose (amperage) is like the amount of electricity flowing through the circuit. The length of the hose (length of wire) is like the length of the wire in the circuit. The diameter of the hose (cross-sectional area of wire) is like the cross-sectional area of the wire in the circuit.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
The hydrophobic effect is similar to the way that oil and water do not mix. The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of molecules to be repelled from water. This is because water is polar and molecules that are hydrophobic are nonpolar.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a telephone system. The telephone system converts sound waves into electrical signals that can be transmitted over a telephone line. The electrical signals are then converted back into sound waves at the other end of the telephone line. Biological signal transduction works in a similar way. The difference is that the signals are converted into chemical signals that can be transmitted through the cell membrane.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	lt	social science	1
Nadh is like a key that unlocks the door to energy production in the body. Just as a key is needed to open a door, nadh is necessary for cells to produce energy.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Nadh can be thought of as the "fuel" of the brain. It is used to create new neurons and synapses, which are essential for learning and memory. Just like a car needs gasoline to run, the brain needs nadh to function properly.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Nadh is like a spark plug in a car. It starts the engine by igniting the fuel and air mixture.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Proteins are like the bricks that make up a wall. Just as different types of bricks can be used to build different types of walls, proteins can be combined to create many different kinds of molecules.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Proteins are like building blocks. Just as you need different types of blocks to build a house, you need different types of proteins to build different parts of a cell. Some proteins are like the bricks, while others are like the mortar that holds them together.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Proteins are like cars. Cars have different colors, shapes, and sizes, but they all have four tires, a steering wheel, and seats. Proteins also come in different colors, shapes, and sizes, but they all have a backbone made of amino acids, side chains that help the protein interact with other molecules, and folded regions that determine the protein's function.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe tells you what ingredients to use, how much of each ingredient, and how to put them all together. DNA does the same thing for living cells - it tells them what proteins to make and how to put them together.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The ingredients (chemical letters) and the amounts of each ingredient are listed in the recipe. Just as you can make different flavors of cake by changing the ingredients, you can make different types of DNA by changing the chemical letters.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe includes the ingredients and the steps needed to make the cake. DNA includes the genetic information for an organism and it tells the cells how to create that organism.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An analogy for glycogen would be money in a bank account. Just as the bank can loan out your deposited money to others, your body can "loan" out its glycogen stores to other tissues (such as skeletal muscle) that need it.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A good analogy for glycogen would be money in a bank account. Just as people use their bank accounts to store money, muscle cells use glycogen stores to store glucose. This glucose can then be used as energy by the muscles when they need it.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Glycogen can be thought of as a kind of mental "emergency fund." It's a reserve of glucose that your brain can tap into when it needs a quick burst of energy to perform some task. Just like you might dip into your savings account if you need money for an unexpected expense, your brain can draw on its glycogen stores to help you stay focused and alert in a stressful situation.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory in your body. The cells in your body produce all sorts of proteins and other molecules that are needed for the cell to function. The endoplasmic reticulum is where these proteins and molecules are made.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy of the endoplasmic reticulum is a factory. The nucleus is the boss, telling the workers what to do and how to do it. The DNA inside the nucleus is like a blueprint, telling the workers what products to make and how to put them together. The ribosomes are like machines, putting together the products according with the instructions from DNA. The endoplasmic reticulum is where all this happens - it's like the factory floor, where all the action takes place.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as an office building. The nucleus is the boss who sits in the corner office on the top floor. The secretary (ribosomes) sit at their desks taking messages and making phone calls. The janitors (mitochondria) clean the floors and empty the trash cans.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Golgi is like the postal service. It takes messages (neurons) from one part of the brain and delivers them to another.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Golgi is like a large mailroom in a company. The mailroom receives letters from all over the company and bundles them up by department. Then, the mailroom sends the letters to their respective departments. Golgi does something similar with proteins. Proteins are sent to different parts of the cell where they are modified and packaged into vesicles.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The golgi apparatus is like a post office. The cells send their packages (glycoproteins) to the golgi, and the golgi sorts them and sends them on their way to different parts of the cell, just like a post office sorts mail and sends it off to different addresses.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer's job is to decide who gets in and who doesn't. He uses his knowledge of the club and its rules to make sure that only those who are allowed inside are allowed in, while everyone else is turned away. The plasma membrane is like the bouncer because it controls what goes into and out of the cell by using its knowledge of what is allowed in and out.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer's job is to decide who gets in and who doesn't. He allows people he knows or people with tickets to enter, but he blocks anyone else. The plasma membrane does the same thing for cells. It decides what substances enter and exit the cell.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. It is responsible for allowing some things into the cell (like nutrients) and keeping other things out (like toxins). The plasma membrane is also responsible for maintaining the cell's identity, so that it doesn't become confused with any other cells in the body.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy should be about something that is commonly known and easily understood.Lysosomes are like trash cans inside of cells. They digest old or damaged parts of the cell, kind of like a recycling center.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.Lysosomes are like trash cans inside of cells. They digest waste materials and break down old cell parts.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. They digest and break down old or damaged cell parts, which allows the cell to recycle them for new energy or building blocks.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling centers for a city. They take in garbage and broken down materials and recycle them into new products that can be used by the city.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like tiny recycling plants inside of cells. They take in waste products, break them down, and recycle the materials.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Peroxisomes are like tiny factories in the cell. They make molecules that help the cell work properly.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Mitochondria are like the engines in a car. They take fuel (glucose) and turn it into energy for the rest of the car. The mitochondria use oxygen to do this, and that's why we need to breathe!	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the cells "powerhouse." Just as a power plant provides electricity to a city, mitochondria provide energy to cells. Mitochondria are unique in that they have their own DNA, which is different from the DNA inside the cell's nucleus. This DNA codes for proteins that are important for mitochondrial function.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the power plants of the cell. They are responsible for generating energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) for the cell to use. Just like a power plant, mitochondria need oxygen and fuel to generate energy. In addition, they produce heat as a by-product of their energy generation process.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chloroplasts are like tiny factories inside of plant cells. They use energy from the sun to produce glucose, a type of sugar that plants use for food.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	0
A chloroplast is a bit like a solar panel. It takes in energy from the sun and uses it to create glucose, which plants use as food.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A chloroplast can be thought of as a small, green, solar panel. Just like a solar panel converts sunlight into electrical energy, a chloroplast uses sunlight to convert carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytoskeleton can be thought of as the scaffolding that supports and shapes a cell. Just as scaffolding is used to support construction workers and materials while a building is being constructed, the cytoskeleton helps support and shape cells as they grow and divide.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides support for the cells and helps them to stay organized.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytoskeleton can be thought of as the skeleton of a cell. Just as our bones hold our muscles and other tissues in place, the cytoskeleton provides structural support to the cell and its contents. Additionally, just as our bones allow us to move freely, the cytoskeleton permits cellular movements that are necessary for many important functions such as cell division and migration.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Atp is the currency of energy in our cells. Just as money is used to buy goods and services, atp provides the energy needed for all cellular activities. The more money you have, the more things you can buy. The more atp you have, the more things your cells can do.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Atp is like currency. It is used to purchase things, in this case energy.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Atp is like money in the bank. It can be used to purchase goods and services now, or it can be saved for a later date.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
In chemistry, nadph is an abbreviation for nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate. This molecule is important in the process of converting food into energy within cells. It can be thought of as a "cellular gasoline" that helps power all the different activities that occur inside cells.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
NADPH is to photosynthesis as blood is to the body. NADPH delivers energy (ATP) to parts of the cell that need it, just like blood delivers oxygen and nutrients throughout the body.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Nadph is like the fuel that helps a car run. It's not the only thing that's important for making the car go, but it's a key component.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like a recycling plant in your cells. They recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and other molecules.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like tiny recycling centers inside cells. They break down old, damaged parts of the cell and reuse the materials to build new ones.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Peroxysomes are like little recycling plants in the cell. They take all of the trash (like old proteins) and break it down into smaller pieces that can be reused by the cells.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Mytochondria are like the engines in a car. They provide power to the rest of the car and allow it to move. Mytochondria produce energy for the cell by breaking down food molecules.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy of mytochondria is like a city. The mitochondria are the buildings and the cells are the people living in them. The mitochondria produce energy for the cell just like how a city produces energy for the people living there.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Mytochondria can be compared to the staff of a company. The mytochondria are responsible for producing energy for the cell, just as the staff is responsible for producing energy for the company.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric forces can be thought of as social forces. Just as two people with different opinions can have a disagreement, two negatively charged particles will push each other apart. Just as two people who are attracted to each other might come together, two positively charged particles will be drawn together.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric forces are similar to magnets. Like magnets, electric charges can be positive or negative. Opposite charges attract each other while like charges repel each other. This force is what keeps electrons orbiting around the nucleus of an atom.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric forces can be thought of as social pressure. Just as people are influenced by the expectations of those around them, particles feel a force when they are near other particles that have an electric charge. Like humans, charged particles will try to move towards each other or away from each other depending on their charges.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a bee buzzing around the hive. The bee (electron) is constantly moving around the hive (orbital), but it always returns to the same spot (the nucleus).	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy could be a school student going to their first day of class. They do not know where their classroom is, but they are given a map with all the classrooms labeled. The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as the map, and the nucleus can be thought of as the school building. Each orbital is like a room on the map, and each has a specific location (or energy) that it occupies.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A hydrogen electron orbital can be thought of as a crowd of people, all crammed into a small space. The people are moving around and some are in the front while others are in the back. Some are on the right side and others are on the left side. But overall, they're all crowded together in one place.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A first line of defense in the body is like a bouncer at a bar. They are looking for people who don't belong and they are trying to keep them out. The immune system is doing the same thing with viruses and bacteria. It is looking for anything that doesn't belong and it is trying to get rid of it.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy could be that the body's first line of defense is like a bouncer at a club. The bouncer checks IDs and makes sure that only people who are supposed to be in the club are allowed inside. In the same way, the body's first line of defense checks for harmful substances or bacteria and tries to keep them out of the body.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy would be that the body's first line of defense is like a bouncer at a club. They are there to check IDs and make sure that people who are not allowed into the club are not able to get in. In the same way, the body's first line of defense is responsible for keeping out invading organisms and stopping them from causing harm.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Macrophages are like the police force of the body. They patrol around and eat anything that is not supposed to be there, such as bacteria or other cells that have been damaged.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Macrophages can be thought of as the "garbage collectors" of the immune system. They ingest and digest foreign materials, dead cells, and other debris. Like garbage collectors in a city, they play an important role in keeping the body clean and healthy.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A macrophage can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. The job of the bouncer is to keep out people who are not supposed to be in the club and to make sure that everyone inside is behaving themselves. Macrophages do the same thing in the body. They keep out harmful bacteria and viruses and they help destroy cells that are damaged or old.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A t-helper cell is like a police officer on the beat. They are constantly patrolling their area, looking for anything that seems suspicious. If they see something that looks out of place, they will investigate it further to determine if there is actually a problem.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A t-helper cell is similar to a police officer. They are both responsible for maintaining order and ensuring that everything runs smoothly. The police officer enforces the law, while the t-helper cell activates and supports other cells in the immune system.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A t-helper cell can be seen as a “group facilitator” in the immune system. Just like a good group facilitator encourages open communication and helps everyone feel heard, t-helper cells help activate other immune cells and promote an efficient response to invaders.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like soldiers in an army. They protect the body from infection and disease.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like the security guards of your body. They patrol the body and look for anything that doesn't belong, such as bacteria or viruses. If they find something that is not supposed to be there, they will attack it and try to get rid of it.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like soldiers in an army. They protect the body from infection by attacking and destroying viruses and bacteria.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "police officers" of the immune system. They are responsible for identifying and destroying cells that are infected or have been damaged, such as cancer cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like police officers. They patrol the body and look for signs of infection or disease. Once they find a problem, they attack and destroy the infected cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Imagine if your immune system was a school. The cytotoxic t-lymphocytes would be the popular kids at school - they're attractive, popular and everyone wants to be friends with them. They're also really smart and know all about how to fight off infections. The other cells in your immune system would be like the unpopular kids at school - they may not be as attractive or as smart as the cytotoxic t-lymphocytes, but they still play an important role in keeping you healthy.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of the invasion of bacteria is as an invading army. Just like any other army, bacteria have a plan and a strategy for overcoming their opponents. First, they use their numbers to overwhelm the defending forces. Then, they use their weapons (enzymes) to destroy the enemy's defenses. Finally, they take over the territory (the host cell).	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A bacterium is like an uninvited guest at a party. It arrives without being invited and starts to cause trouble. It may not be welcomed by the other guests, and it may not be good for their health.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Invasion of bacteria is similar to an army invading another country. The bacteria invade the cells and take over, using them to produce more bacteria.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Action potential is like a crowd of people at a stadium. When the game starts, the fans cheer and start to move around. The more they cheer and move around, the more energy they create. This energy travels through the crowd until it gets to the edge of the stadium. At this point, some of the energy spills over into the street outside, and eventually dissipates.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Action potential can be thought of as a crowd of people. Some people are at the front of the crowd and some are at the back. The people at the front are excited and they start to push forward. The people at the back aren't excited, so they don't push forward. As more and more people get excited and start pushing forward, the pressure begins to increase until it's too much for some of the people in the back and they start moving forward too. This process continues until all of the people in the crowd are pushing forward.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy of an action potential is like a wave that travels through a crowd at a stadium during a game. The wave starts with the people in the back and as it moves forwards, more and more people get on board until it reaches the front. An action potential behaves in a similar way- it starts small but as it travels down the neuron, more and more sodium ions get involved until it reachs the end of the neuron.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
 suppose you have a plate of spaghetti and meatballs. You want to know which is which, so you take a bite out of each one. After trying a few, you realize that the spaghetti with tomato sauce tastes different than the spaghetti without it. So now you're curious - is the difference in the tomatoes? Or is it something else about the sauces? To find out, you could try two more experiments. In experiment 1, you would remove all the sauce from half of the spaghetti noodles and leave it plain. In experiment 2, you would add tomato sauce to half of the meatballs. Now if the difference in taste is due to the tomatoes, then both experiments should show similar results - i.e., those samples with no sauce or with added sauce will both taste like tomatoey pasta/meatballs. But if something else about the sauces is making them taste different (like spices), then we might expect experiment 1 to yield different results than experiment 2	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Picture a busy city street. Cars, buses, taxis and pedestrians all moving around trying to go somewhere. Now imagine that each person is a different color - red, yellow, green, blue, etc. As each person walks or drives down the street they leave a trail of color behind them. If you could see the trails left by all of the people on the street at once it would look like a rainbow. This is what chromatography does - it separates different compounds (or colors) in a mixture by their chemical properties.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One possible analogy for the experiment of chromatography using a social science student is to imagine that they are detectives trying to solve a crime. The different colors of ink on a piece of paper can be thought of as the different suspects in the crime. The detective would separate out each color of ink and then try to match up each color with the suspect that it came from.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The main sequence lifetime of a star is like the lifespan of a human. The star starts off as a baby, and it grows older and bigger until it becomes a teenager. Then, the star goes through a phase where it burns brighter and hotter. Finally, the star reaches its adult years, and it slowly dies out over time.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A star's lifetime is like the lifespan of a human. The main-sequence lifetime is the time it takes for a star to use up its hydrogen fuel and move on to other stages in its life.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The main-sequence lifetime of a star can be thought of as the amount of time it spends as a young adult. During this time, the star is slowly maturing and growing in size. Once it reaches its full size, it will start to age and eventually die.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A nucleus is like the president of a country. The president is in charge of all the important decisions that need to be made and oversees everything that happens in the country. Similarly, the nucleus controls all the important functions of a cell and oversees everything that happens inside the cell.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Nucleus is like the president of a country. He or she is in charge of making decisions for the country and helping it run smoothly. The nucleus also oversees all of the other parts of the cell and makes sure they are working together properly.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Nucleus can be thought of as the brain or control center of a social group. Just as the nucleus controls all activity within a cell, the nucleus in a social group controls all activity within that group. It is responsible for organizing and directing members' behavior, coordinating their activities, and maintaining communication among them.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They take the instructions from the DNA and turn them into proteins.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like factories in the cell. The DNA is like the blueprint and the ribosomes are like the workers who follow the instructions to build proteins.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. The DNA is like the blueprint for making the machines and the ribosomes read the blueprint and make the machines.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The golgi apparatus can be thought of as a mailroom in a company. The mailroom receives packages from all over the company, sorts them into different departments, and then sends them off to the correct place. The golgi apparatus does something similar with proteins that are produced by the cell's ribosomes. It Receives proteins from the cytoplasm, sorts them according to their function, and sends them off to where they need to go inside or outside of the cell.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a postal service. The proteins that are produced in the ribosomes are packaged up and sent to the Golgi apparatus, where they are sorted and distributed to their correct destinations.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like the post office. It sorts and packages all of the different parts of a cell that have been delivered from different places. Once everything has been sorted, it's ready to be sent off to its final destination!	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the recycling center of the cell. Just like at a recycling center, unwanted materials are broken down into their component parts so that they can be reused. In lysosomes, these components include sugars, proteins, and lipids.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the recycling center of a cell. Just like your town's recycling center takes in all kinds of recyclable materials and sorts them out into different piles, lysosomes take in all kinds of cellular debris and sort it out into different chemical compounds. This helps keep the cell clean and functioning properly.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the recycling center for a cell. Just like your city might have a recycling plant where they recycle paper, aluminum cans, and plastic bottles, lysosomes recycle cellular waste products. They do this by breaking down old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids into their component parts so that the cell can use them again.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Nuclear envelope is like the skin of a grape. It's thin and surrounds the nucleus, which is filled with juice (the genetic material).	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a bouncer at a club. It is responsible for controlling what goes in and out of the nucleus, much like how a bouncer controls who gets into a club and who doesn't.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Nuclear envelope can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. It is responsible for controlling what enters and leaves the nucleus, preventing things from getting out of control. Just like at a nightclub, the nuclear envelope is important for maintaining order within the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Vacuoles are like bubbles in a soda. They are small and round, and they float around in the liquid.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is a bit like a bubble. It is a small, round space in the cell that is filled with fluid or gas.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a large, empty room. This room is not used for any specific purpose, but it is available if needed. The vacuole analogy can be extended to include other rooms in the house. For example, the cell nucleus might be thought of as the living room - it's where most of the activity takes place. The cytoplasm might be compared to the kitchen - it's where all of the food is prepared. And finally, the plasma membrane might be likened to the front door - it's what separates one space from another.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "lifeblood" of a cell - it is where all the biochemical reactions that allow the cell to function occur. Just as blood circulates throughout our bodies, supplying oxygen and nutrients to our cells, so too does the cytoplasm circulate throughout the cell, supplying it with essential molecules.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytoplasm of a cell can be thought of as the water in a fish tank. Just as the water is necessary for the survival of the fish, so too is the cytoplasm necessary for the survival of the cell. The cytoplasm surrounds and supports the cells' organelles, much like how water surrounds and supports fish. Additionally, just as you can change the environment in a fish tank by adding or removing water, you can also change the environment within a cell by adding or removing molecules from its cytoplasm.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cytoplasm can be thought of as the collective "consciousness" of a group of people. It is the shared understanding and sense of identity that emerges from the interactions between individuals in a group. Cytoplasm also contains all of the genetic information necessary for the survival and functioning of a cell.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes are like books in a library. Each book is assigned a unique number and each has information that is valuable to someone. The same chromosomes can be found in different people, but the information they contain can be different depending on the person.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes are like books in a library. They contain all of the information that is needed to create and run an organism.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes are like books in a library. The books are arranged on shelves in a specific order, and each book has a unique title. The same is true for chromosomes - they are arranged on shelves in a specific order, and each chromosome has a unique name.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the "blood" or "fluid" inside a cell. Just like blood flows through veins and arteries, the cytosol flows throughout the cell. The cytosol is responsible for delivering nutrients and oxygen to the cells, removing waste products, and helping to regulate the pH of the cell.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cytosol can be thought of as the "social media" of cells - it is where all the communications and interactions take place. Just as social media allows people to communicate and interact online, cytosol allows cells to communicate and interact with each other.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cytosol is like a city. It is filled with tiny buildings (the organelles) that each have their own job to do. The streets (the cytoplasm) are the way that the workers get around, and the mayor (the nucleus) makes sure everything runs smoothly.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell is like a small town. It has a mayor (the nucleus), workers (mitochondria), and residents (the cells themselves). The townspeople rely on the mayor to provide them with resources, and the workers to keep everything running smoothly.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell is like a small country. It has its own borders, currency, and government. The cell also has its own way of doing things and producing energy.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell can be thought of as a small community. Just like in a small town, there are many different types of people who live in cells and each person has their own role to play. Cells need all of these different people to survive and thrive.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vesicle is like a container filled with liquid. The liquid can be anything from water to oil to medicine. The container can be made of any material, but it needs to be strong enough to hold the liquid inside.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vesicle can be thought of as a small bubble. Just like bubbles in a glass of soda, vesicles are small, round, and filled with gas or liquid. They form when the pressure inside a container is greater than the pressure outside. Vesicles can be found in many different places, including cells, tissues, and organs.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vesicle is like a small bubble. Just as bubbles can form in liquids, vesicles can form in cell membranes.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell wall is like the security gate at a bank. It is made of strong materials and it helps to protect the inside of the bank from getting damaged or robbed.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a security fence. It is designed to keep things (in this case, molecules) from getting in or out of the cells.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a city wall. It is a physical barrier that surrounds and protects the city. The cell wall similarly surrounds and protects the cells in our bodies.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cells can be thought of as the basic building blocks of all living things. Just like a city is made up of many different buildings, cells are made up of many different molecules. Cells are what give life to everything from bacteria to humans.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Cells are like people in a city. Just as cities have different neighborhoods, cells have different parts that do different things. The cell nucleus is the city hall, where important decisions are made. The cytoplasm is the downtown area, where most of the action happens. The mitochondria are the factories, and the chloroplasts are the parks.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of cells is as the basic units of life. Just as we have individual people who make up a society, cells are the smallest unit of life that form tissues and organs. Cells work together to carry out the functions necessary for life.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer's job is to decide who gets in and who doesn't. He uses his knowledge of the club's policies and his intuition to make decisions. The cell membrane is made up of proteins that act as gatekeepers, allowing some things into the cell while keeping other things out.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell membrane can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer's job is to make sure that only people who are allowed into the club can get in, and to keep out those who are not. The cell membrane does the same thing for cells. It allows certain things (such as nutrients and oxygen) to enter the cell, while keeping other things (such as toxins) out.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a bouncer at a club. He is in charge of letting people into the club and keeping track of who is inside. The cell membrane also controls what goes in and out of the cells, just like a bouncer controls what people can bring into the club.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A golgi body is a little bit like the post office. It takes mail (packages of proteins) from one part of the cell and sends it to other parts of the cell.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The golgi body is like a post office. It receives packages (the proteins) from different parts of the cell and sends them off to their final destinations (outside of the cell).	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus can be compared to a post office. The different parts of the cell (like the mail) are delivered to the Golgi apparatus, where they are sorted and packaged for delivery to other parts of the cell (or out of the cell).	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A capacitor is a bit like a water tank. It can store a certain amount of electric charge, kind of like the water in the tank stores potential energy until you release it by opening the tap. The bigger the capacitor, the more charge it can store.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A capacitor is a bit like a bucket. If you fill the bucket with water, it will be heavy. If you then connect the bucket to a hose, water will flow out of the bucket and into the hose. The more water in the bucket, the more water that will flow out of the hose.Capacitance is a measure of how much energy can be stored in a capacitor. Just like adding more water to the bucket makes it easier for water to flow out of the hose, adding more charge to a capacitor makes it easier for current to flow through it.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A capacitor is like a container of water. If you have two containers of water and connect them with a hose, the flow of water will be faster from the high-pressure container to the low-pressure container. This is because the pressure difference between the two vessels creates a force that accelerates the fluid flowing between them. In the same way, a capacitor has two "plates" (electrically conductive surfaces) that are separated by an insulator. When you apply voltage to one plate, it creates an electric field in the space between plates. The other plate then experiences a force as it tries to move towards the first plate. This force causes current to flow through the capacitor, storing energy in its electric field	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric current is a bit like water flowing through a hose. Just as the water can flow faster or slower depending on how wide the hose is, electric current can flow faster or slower depending on the width of the wire.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric current is a little like the flow of water in a river. Just as the movement of water can create power (e.g., through hydropower), the movement of electrons (electricity) can create power, too. Electrons move through wires much like water flows through rivers and streams.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electric current can be thought of as resembling the flow of water in a river. Just as the amount of water in a river varies over time, the strength of electric current (measured in amperes) also fluctuates. Just as rivers and streams can be used to power machinery, so too can electric current be harnessed to do work such as lighting bulbs or turning motors.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Voltage is similar to water pressure. Just as high water pressure can push a lot of water through a pipe, high voltage can push a lot of electricity through a wire.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Volts are like people in a crowd. The more people in the crowd, the higher the voltage.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A voltage is like water pressure. Just as a higher water pressure can push more water through a pipe, a higher voltage can push more electricity through a wire.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell is like a small city. The cells in the body work together to create an efficient system. Each cell has a specific job, just as each person in a city has a specific job. Cells communicate with one another to make sure that everyone is doing their part. This communication happens through hormones and other chemicals that are secreted by the cells.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cell is like a small, independent country. It has its own specialists who perform different tasks in order to keep the cell running. Cells also communicate with each other, sharing information and working together to achieve common goals.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of the specialization and communication within a cell is as if it were an office with many different employees. Each employee has a specific job and task to complete in order for the office to run smoothly. The employees communicate with one another to ensure that everyone is on the same page and knows what they need to do in order to help the office run efficiently.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
If you have a group of people and one person is trying to get the attention of everyone else, they can do so in one of two ways. They can either shout or they can whisper. Shouting will always get the attention of everyone in the room, but it's also going to be very loud and could startle some people. Whispering will take longer, but it won't disturb anyone as much and eventually everyone will hear it. Kirchoff's Voltage Law is like whispering - it takes a little bit longer to work, but it's ultimately more effective because it doesn't cause any disturbances.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to the way that water flows in a river. The higher the water level (voltage), the more force it has to push against obstacles (resistance). Just as rivers flow downhill, electricity will always flow from high to low voltages.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One analogy for Kirchhoff's Voltage Law is to think of a group of people in a room. If there are more people coming into the room than leaving, the total number of people in the room will increase. In the same way, if more electric charge is entering a region than exiting it, the voltage (electric potential energy per unit charge) will increase in that region.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A density wave is like a group of people walking in a line. The people near the front are moving quickly and the people at the back are moving more slowly.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A density wave is like a group of people walking in a line. The people are close together at the beginning and end of the line, but they spread out as they walk.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A density wave can be thought of as a type of social contagion. Just as people can catch a cold or the flu from other people, density waves spread through populations like wildfire. The closer two people are to each other, the more likely it is that they will both be affected by the wave.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like secretaries in an office. They help to make things run smoothly by doing the little tasks that keep everything organized.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes can be thought of as tiny machines that are responsible for chemical reactions in the body. Just like a real machine, an enzyme needs fuel to work properly. The fuel is called a substrate and it attaches to the enzyme in order to start the reaction.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like tiny robots that help to speed up chemical reactions in the body. They are essential for life and work tirelessly to keep us healthy and functioning. Just like a real robot, an enzyme is very small (microscopic) and has a specific job to do.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as a mental desk. The items that are placed on the desk are the things that we are currently thinking about. We can place new items on the desk by activelythinking about them, and we can also remove old items from the desk by passively forgettingthem. The size of our active memory is limited, so we eventually have to removeold items from the desk in order to make room for new ones.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think about human active memory is as an office desk. The desk has a limited amount of space, and so we can only put a certain number of things on it at any one time. We use our active memory to store the things that we are currently thinking about or working on. Just like we can't keep every piece of paper that comes into our office, we can't keep every bit of information in our active memory either. We need to constantly review and discard old information in order to make room for new information.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The human active memory system can be best described as a library. The library has many different shelves, each containing different books. To find a specific book, you need to know the shelf and row that it is located on. The human active memory works in a similar way. It holds information in different "shelves" or folders, which are called "chunks." To remember something, you need to know where it is stored in your memory and what chunk it is associated with.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is similar to the slowest person in a race. The other racers can run around the slowest person, but they will never be able to speed up the race by running faster than the slowest person. In the same way, the other steps in a reaction can only work as fast as the rate-determining step allows.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is like the slowest person in a race. The race will only be as fast as that person, and no one else can make up for their lack of speed. In the same way, the rate of a reaction will only be as fast as the slowest step in that reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. Just as with people, when one person moves slowly, the entire group slows down. In the same way, when the slowest step in a reaction happens slowly, then the entire reaction happens slowly.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Column chromatography is a bit like being a detective. You have a list of suspects, and you need to find out which one of them committed the crime. You start by separating the suspects into groups, and then you quiz each group to see who did it. The process of separation is a bit like dividing the suspects into piles based on what they look like. The quiz is like questioning each suspect to see if they match the description of the person who committed the crime.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Column chromatography is a lot like sorting your laundry. You have a bunch of clothes of different colors and sizes, and you want to separate them into piles. So you put each article of clothing through a column (a tube with small holes in the bottom), and as it goes down, the lighter-colored clothes fall out first, followed by the darker-colored clothes. The bigger clothes take longer to go down the column, so they stay at the top for a while.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate different compounds in a mixture. It works by passing the mixture through a column filled with material that can adsorb the compounds. The different compounds will be adsorbed to the material at different rates, so they will be separated as they travel down the column.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is a bit like the balance of power in a society. In any given society, there are different groups of people with different amounts of power. Some people have more power than others, but no one group has complete control. The same thing happens in a system with dynamic chemical equilibrium. There are different molecules with different concentrations, and no molecule has complete control over the system.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium can be thought of as the balancing of opposing forces. Just like in a tug-of-war, if each side pulls with the same force, the rope will remain stationary. However, if one side begins to pull harder than the other, the rope will move in that direction. In the same way, when two elements in a chemical reaction are balanced, the reaction will stay at equilibrium. But if one element starts to favor one side of the reaction more than the other (i.e., it pushes harder), then that element will begin to accumulate until dynamic equilibrium is once again reached.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A good analogy for chemical equilibrium is the balancing of a checkbook. In order to maintain equilibrium in your checking account, you must make deposits and withdrawals that are equal in amount. If you deposit more money than you withdraw, your account will become overdrawn; if you withdraw more money than you deposit, your account will become overdrawn. The same principle applies to chemical equilibria: in order to maintain equilibrium, the rates of the forward and reverse reactions must be equal.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is a bit like a bouncy castle. It's a small, enclosed space that can be filled with air or water to make it bigger. This makes it useful for bouncing around and having fun!	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy of a vacuole is like a sink. The sink has a drain which allows the water to flow out, and it has a faucet which allows you to fill it up with water. A vacuole is similar in that it has an opening (the mouth) which allows things in, and an opening (the anus) which allows things out.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole can be compared to a room in a house. The room is empty except for a few pieces of furniture. The walls, floor, and ceiling are white and featureless. The door is closed.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a small, autonomous car. The car has a driver (the nucleus) and it is able to drive around on its own (transport proteins). The car can also pick up passengers (molecules to be transported) and drop them off at their destination (other parts of the cell).	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A transport vesicle is like a bus. It transports things (proteins, etc.) from one place to another within the cell.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One analogy for transport vesicles is to think of them as a postal service. The cells produce these little packages (the vesicles) and then send them off to other parts of the cell or even to other cells. Just like with the postal service, the recipients can be in different parts of town or even in different states.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Proto-oncogenes could be thought of as the "early warning signs" of cancer. Just like a car's dashboard lights indicate when there is something wrong with the engine, proto-oncogenes signal that something may be going wrong with cells and tissues. Normally, these signals are monitored and dealt with by the body's natural defenses. However, if these signals are ignored or go unresolved for too long, they can lead to cancerous growths.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A proto-oncogene is like a regular gene, but it has the potential to become an oncogene. An analogy would be comparing a person who is not very athletic to someone who is a professional athlete. The person who is not very athletic might have the potential to become a professional athlete if they worked hard enough and dedicated themselves to becoming better at sports. However, most people will never reach that level of athleticism. The proto-oncogene is like the regular gene, while the oncogene is like the professional athlete.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the genes that cause cancer. Just as proto-oncogenes can cause normal cells to become cancerous, these genes can also promote cell growth and division. This makes them very important for proper cellular function, but it can also lead to unchecked tumor growth if they become mutated.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Oncogenes are like a virus that can turn normal cells into cancer cells. Just as a virus can invade and take over a healthy cell, oncogenes can cause normal cells to become cancerous.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Oncogenes are like a virus that can cause cancer. Just as a virus can infect healthy cells and make them sick, oncogenes can turn normal cells into tumor-forming cells.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Oncogenes are like cancer-causing viruses. Just as a virus can insert its genetic material into the DNA of a human cell and make it start reproducing copies of the virus, oncogenes can do the same thing with cancer-causing genes.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of tumor suppressor genes is as the body’s security system. Like a security system, tumor suppressor genes are designed to protect the body from harm. In particular, they help to prevent tumors from forming. Tumor suppressor genes do this by helping to keep cells in check. They make sure that cells grow and divide only when necessary and that they die when they are no longer needed. When tumor suppressor genes are functioning properly, it is much less likely for tumors to form.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep cells from growing out of control and becoming cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A tumor suppressor gene analogy would be like a fire alarm. They are both designed to protect us from harm, but they work in different ways. The fire alarm is always active, and it goes off when there is a problem. The tumor suppressor gene is only activated when there is a problem. It's like the firefighter that comes to put out the fire. Both the firefighter and the tumor suppressor gene are trying to protect us, but they do it in different ways.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Brittle software is like a vase that is easily broken. It does not withstand pressure and can shatter with the slightest impact. Similarly, brittle software is vulnerable to errors and crashes. It often does not handle changes or updates well and can quickly become unusable.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Brittle software is like a vase. It can be very beautiful and useful, but it can also easily break if it's not handled with care.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Brittle software is like a glass figurine. It may look delicate and pretty, but it's actually quite fragile. If you try to move it or even breathe on it too hard, it might shatter into pieces.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A resonance hybrid is like a soccer team. The players on the team are all different, but they work together to create a powerful force. In the same way, the atoms in a molecule can be different, but they work together to create a powerful force.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Resonance hybrid is like a mixed martial arts fighter. It is made up of different parts that work together to create a powerful whole.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A resonance hybrid is a lot like a mixed martial arts fighter. The fighter has many different skills and can use them all to defeat an opponent. In the same way, the resonance hybrid has several different electron configurations that it can use to interact with other atoms.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Imagine a group of friends walking on the beach. As they walk, waves flow towards them and away from them. The height of each wave is determined by how fast the water is moving when it reaches the shore. If someone stands still in the middle of a large group of friends, they will barely be able to feel any waves at all. But if they move closer to the edge of the group, they will feel more waves flowing past them. And if they stand right on the edge, they will feel every wave crashing against their feet!	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The wave mechanical model is like a crowd of people. Each person in the crowd represents a particle. The distance between each person is the wavelength. When the crowd moves, it creates waves that move through the group of people. These waves represent the physical properties of sound or light.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a bunch of people standing in line, each person representing a particle. When the person at the front of the line moves, it causes everyone behind them to move. In this analogy, the movement of each person represents the vibration or motion of a particle.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy of an EEG is like a group of people in a room, each with their own thoughts and feelings. Some people are louder than others, some are more active, and some are more passive. But overall, you can get a sense for the general mood in the room by looking at all of the different conversations happening simultaneously.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An analogy for an electroencephalogram (EEG) would be to think of the brain as a computer. The EEG is like the computer's processing speed, which shows how fast it can read and process information.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The electroencephalogram (EEG) is a measure of the brain's electrical activity. It can be thought of as similar to a heart monitor, which records the electrical activity of the heart. Just as doctors can use information from a heart monitor to diagnose problems with someone's heart, doctors can use information from an EEG to diagnose problems with someone's brain.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a photocopier. Just like a photocopier copies an image by using light to create an exact replica, DNA replication copies genetic information by using enzymes to create an exact replica.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a photocopier. The DNA molecule is like the original document and the copies are the photocopies.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication is a bit like making a photocopy of a document. The original document is the DNA, and the photocopy is the new DNA that's been created.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think about transcription is as if the gene were a recipe for a cake, and the DNA was the cookbook. The first step in making the cake is reading the recipe from the book. This is done by copying it down or printing it out. In order to make the cake, you need all of the ingredients listed in the recipe, as well as some kitchen supplies like an oven, mixer, spoon, etc. To make RNA, scientists use enzymes to copy segments of DNA sequences into molecules of RNA. Just like with baking a cake, in order to make RNA you need all of the right ingredients (DNA sequence) and tools (enzymes).	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
RNA transcription can be thought of as a conversation. The speaker is the DNA, and the listener is the RNA. The speaker is providing information (the genetic code) to the listener, who then uses that information to create a new message (a protein).	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The process of transcription can be thought of as a group of people seated around a large table, each with a copy of the same document. One person begins to read aloud from the document, and the others take down what they hear in their own copies.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Protein translation is a bit like making a pizza. The recipe for the pizza (the DNA sequence) is first translated into instructions for making dough (mRNA). These instructions are then followed by the chef, who puts toppings on the pizza in the right order (amino acids). Finally, the pizza is cooked in an oven and comes out looking and smelling delicious!	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Protein translation can be likened to a group of people translating a document from one language to another. The protein is the original document, while the amino acids are the words in that document. The ribosomes are the people performing the translation, and they work together to create a new copy of the protein that is written in the language of amino acids.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy is of a recipe. The recipe is for a cake, and it tells you what ingredients to put in, and how much of each ingredient to use. Once you have all the ingredients, you follow the instructions on how to mix them together, cook them, and serve them. In the same way, DNA is like the recipe for a protein. It tells you what amino acids to put into the protein, and how many of each one. The ribosomes are like your mixing bowl and stovetop - they do the actual cooking/translation of the protein.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The ecosystem can be thought of as a large social group, such as a city or country. The different parts of the ecosystem (e.g., people, plants, animals) interact with each other to keep the system functioning. For example, people need food and water, which come from plants and other animals. Plants need sunlight and minerals from soil to grow, and animals eat both plants and other animals. If any part of the ecosystem changes or disappears, it can have a ripple effect throughout the entire system.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An ecosystem can be analogized to a human body. The environment (air, water, soil) is analogous to the bloodstream, while plants and animals are analogous to cells. Ecosystems are constantly in flux as elements are added and removed. Just as new blood cells are produced to replace those that die, so too do new plants and animals grow in ecosystems to replace those that die.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a human society, where the different parts (species) interact with one another to create an overall functioning system. Just as in a human society, each part of an ecosystem has a unique role to play in order for the whole system to thrive. For example, some species provide food for other species, while others act as predators or scavengers. In addition, ecosystems are constantly changing and adapting in response to new challenges or opportunities. just as social systems evolve over time in response to changes within their environment.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The action potential is like a wave of energy that travels down the neuron. It starts at the synapse and then spreads to the next neuron. This process happens very quickly, so it's like a chain reaction that travels down the line.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An action potential is a bit like an email. It starts at the sender (in this case, the neuron's cell body) and travels down the neuron's axon. Along the way, it sparks off tiny electrical charges in neighbouring neurons (like people receiving emails when they're listed in your contacts). This process continues until the message reaches its destination - usually a muscle or gland cell, which then responds accordingly.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
When you clap your hands, the sound waves spread out in all directions. The farther away someone is from you, the softer the clapping sounds. An action potential travels down a neuron in much the same way. Its "waves" spread out as it moves down the axon. The further away from the site of generation an Action Potential reaches, the weaker it will be	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
When you breathe in, your lungs draw in air from the outside world. This air contains oxygen, which helps to power your body's cells. When you breathe out, your lungs push carbon dioxide (a waste product) out of your body.In a similar way, when a frog breathes in, it draws in air from the environment. This air contains oxygen, which helps to power the frog's cells. When a frog breathes out, it pushes carbon dioxide (a waste product) out of its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The frog’s breathing mechanism is like a fan. The fan has blades that spin around and create a breeze. This breeze helps to cool the fan down. In the same way, the frog’s lungs help to cool its body down.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Breathing in frogs happens in a similar way to how people breathe. The frog takes air into its lungs through its nose and mouth. The air travels down the trachea (windpipe) and into the lungs. When the frog breathes out, the carbon dioxide from its blood is expelled from its lungs and it sucks in fresh oxygenated air.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Layers of an onion analogy:The layers of an onion represent the different levels of abstraction in a software system. Just as you can peel away one layer of an onion to get to the next, you can access different parts of a software system by working through its various layers. The outermost layer is the user interface, which allows people to interact with the system. Beneath that is the business logic layer, which contains the code that implements the system's functionality. Below that is the data storage layer, which stores information about the system's operations and users. And finally, at the bottom of the onion is the underlying operating system, which provides basic functionality for all applications running on it.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of layered architecture is as a stack of pancakes. The first pancake is the foundation, and each subsequent pancake is built on top of it. In the same way, each layer in a layered architecture system builds on the previous one. This allows for a modular design that can be easily scaled and adapted to changing needs.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A layered architecture is like a cake. The bottom layer is the foundation, it's strong and supports everything else. The next layer is the crust, it's what you see and taste first. It sets the tone for the rest of the cake. Then come the layers of filling, each one with its own unique flavor and texture. Finally, there's the top layer, which is usually sweet and icing or frosting.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way of thinking about limiting and excess reactants is in terms of food. Imagine that you are throwing a party and you have invited 10 friends. You have also made enough food for 10 people. However, your friends start arriving one by one and soon there are more than 10 people at your party. If each person eats the same amount of food as was originally planned, then some people will not get enough to eat. In this analogy, the food is the reactant and the guests are the product. The limiting reactant is the food that runs out first and restricts how many guests can be served. The excess reactant is the extra food that you prepare to make sure everyone gets fed.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A limiting reactant can be thought of as a traffic jam. Imagine that you are trying to get from point A to point B, but the road is full of cars. You will only be able to go as fast as the slowest car on the road. The same is true for a chemical reaction- if there are more molecules wanting to react than there are reactive sites on the molecule being used up, then the reaction will only happen at a rate limited by the number of available reactive sites. An excess reactant can be thought of as an open lane on the highway. If you have more molecules wanting toreact than there are places for them to go, then they will just keep piling up until something happens.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think about limiting and excess reactants is in terms of food. Imagine that you are throwing a party and you want to serve pizza. You need dough, sauce, cheese, and pepperoni for the pizzas, but how many pizzas can you make with what you have? If you only have one ball of dough, then you will only be able to make one pizza. However, if you have five balls of dough, then you will be able to make five pizzas. In this analogy, the dough is the limiting reactant because it determines how many pizzas can be made. The sauce, cheese, and pepperoni are the excess reactants because they are not limited by anything.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a small town. The cell has a mayor (the nucleus), policemen (mitochondria), and workers (enzymes). The mayor makes the decisions for the town, the policemen make sure everyone follows the rules, and the workers do the actual work.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The eukaryotic cell can be thought of as a city. The nucleus is the mayor, who oversees all the activities in the cell. The cytoplasm is like the downtown area, where all the action takes place. The organelles are like businesses and shops, providing specialized services to the cells.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a big city. The nucleus is the mayor and the mitochondria are the police officers. The cells walls are like the fences that keep people from leaving or entering the city without permission.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of resources and can only do so much. However, it is able to grow and change over time in order to meet the needs of its environment.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. It has a mayor (the cell membrane), police officers (ribosomes), construction workers (enzymes), and residents (proteins, DNA, and other molecules).	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Prokaryotic cells are like small villages. They are relatively simple, and everyone does their own thing. There is little organization, and people just sort of go about their business.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	0
The analogy is of an airplane. The kernel is the engine that provides power to all other parts of the plane. It is essential for the plane to function and without it, the plane would not be able to fly. In a similar way, the kernel is essential for an operating system to run and without it, the operating system would not be able to function.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy is that the kernel of an operating system is like the brain of a human. The kernel controls all functions of the operating system, just as the brain controls all functions of the human body. The kernel also manages resources and ensures that everything runs smoothly, just as the brain manages resources and ensures that everything in the human body runs smoothly.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy between an operating system kernel and the human brain is that they are both essential for the functioning of their respective systems. The brain controls all aspects of human behavior, while the kernel controls all aspects of the computer. Just as importantly, both the brain and the kernel are protected by strong outer shells - in humans, this is called the skull, while on computers it is known as the hardware casing.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A limiting reactant is like a traffic jam on the highway. The more cars that try to get through, the slower everyone will move. In the same way, the more of one reactant there is in a chemical reaction, the slower it will happen because there are too many molecules competing for limited space and time.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A hockey game is being played and there are ten players on each team. Each player has a certain amount of energy that they can use up during the game. The game begins and each player uses some of their energy playing hard and trying to score goals. At the end of the first period, there are only five players left on each team who still have some energy left. In the second period, these players continue playing hard but they cannot score any goals because they don't have enough energy left. The team with five players remaining at the end of the second period loses the game.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A limiting reactant can be thought of as a scarce resource. Just as there is only so much oil in the ground, for example, there is only so much aluminum in a container. Once that aluminum is gone, no more reactions will take place because the reactants are all used up.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Think of helicase as a farmer. The farmer is responsible for tilling the earth and planting seeds. Once the plants have grown, the farmer must continue to water and care for them until they are ready to be harvested. In much the same way, helicase helps to prepare DNA for replication by unwinding it and separating the strands. It then facilitates replication by providing a path for new DNA molecules to be synthesized.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Helicase is like a worker on an assembly line. The worker takes the piece of metal (the substrate) and starts to work on it, shaping it into the desired product. As the worker works, other workers pass parts and tools to him so that he can continue his work. Helicase is similar in that it uses other enzymes (the "workers") to help it shape the DNA into its correct form.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A helicase is like a person who uses a ladder to climb up to the roof of a house. The helicase uses its protein "fingers" to grip the DNA and twist it open, like someone turning a door handle. This allows other proteins called transcription factors access to the gene so they can start making RNA copies.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as a set of bouncers at a nightclub. The bouncers are responsible for ensuring that only those who are allowed into the club are able to get in. In the same way, the DNA replication binding proteins ensure that only those molecules that are meant to bind to DNA are able to do so. This helps to prevent unwanted molecules from interfering with the process of DNA replication.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins function as the 'glue' that helps to hold DNA together while it is being copied. In much the same way that two pieces of paper held together by tape will be more likely to stay together during copying, so too does the presence of DNA replication binding proteins help to keep the strands of DNA together.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
You can think of DNA replication binding proteins as little helpers that assist in the process of DNA replication. Just like how a construction worker needs help from other workers to build a house, the DNA replication binding proteins help to make sure the replication process goes smoothly.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ligase could be compared to a social glue. It helps bind people together and keep them connected.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ligase can be thought of as a kind of social glue. Just as the chemical adhesive binds pieces of paper or other objects together, ligase helps to bind DNA molecules together. This is important for cells because it allows them to replicate their genetic information correctly.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ligase can be thought of as a kind of social glue. Just as the molecules in adhesive glue hold objects together, ligase holds DNA sequences together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A process control block can be thought of as a traffic light. The purpose of the traffic light is to manage the flow of traffic, ensuring that vehicles move through the intersection in an orderly fashion. Similarly, a process control block manages the flow of data through a computer system, ensuring that information is processed efficiently and without errors.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A process control block can be thought of as a traffic controller for the flow of information between different parts of a computer system. Just as a traffic controller manages the flow of cars and pedestrians through an intersection, the process control block manages the flow of information between different parts of the computer system. It ensures that data is sent to the correct destination and that it arrives there in a timely manner.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A process control block is like a traffic light. It helps to keep the traffic flowing smoothly by regulating the amount of cars that can go through at a time.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Encoding a message is like putting it in a safe. The person receiving the message needs to have the combination to the safe in order to unlock and read the message.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Message encoding is like translating a message from one language to another. You are taking the original message and converting it into a new form that can be understood by someone who doesn't know the original language.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Message encoding is like translating a message from one language to another. When you encode a message, you are changing the letters or symbols in the original message into something else that can be transmitted or stored. This new set of letters or symbols is called an "encoding." When someone receives your encoded message, they will need to use the same encoding system to decode it back into text form.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One can think of receptor sites as locks and the drug as the key. The drug fits into the receptor site like a key would fit into a lock, which then opens up and allows for various cellular responses to take place.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think about how drugs interact with receptor sites is by using the analogy of a lock and key. The drug is the key, and the receptor site is the lock. When the key fits into the lock, it opens up and allows whatever is inside (the drug) to enter.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A receptor site can be thought of as a lock. A drug is the key. The more locks (receptor sites) there are on a door, the more keys it takes to open it. The same is true for drugs and receptor sites - the more receptors there are, the more drugs it takes to activate them.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A monitor is like a TV. It displays images that come from a source, and people can watch those images on the screen.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A monitor is like a large television screen. Monitors are used to display information for people to see.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A monitor is like a referee in a sports game. The referee monitors the game to make sure that the players are following the rules and to ensure that the game is fair. In the same way, a monitor ensures that users of a computer system are following the rules and that the system is running smoothly.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
If the CPU is a person, then think of the operating system as their job. The OS controls all of the programs that run on the computer and manages things like memory allocation, file access, and process scheduling. The applications that you use (like word processors or web browsers) are like people who go to work each day and rely on the OS to keep everything running smoothly.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A cpu is like a brain. It can be thought of as the central processing unit for your computer. Just as your brain controls all the functions of your body, the cpu controls all the functions of your computer.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
CPU is like a person's brain. It takes in and processes information to make decisions.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It houses all of the vital components that allow the computer to function, including the processor, memory, and input/output devices. Just like our brains control every aspect of our bodies, the motherboard controls every aspect of the computer.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A motherboard can be analogized to a city. It is the central hub around which everything else revolves. The motherboard houses all of the important components of the computer, including the CPU, memory, and disk drives. In a similar way, cities are home to vital economic and social institutions, such as businesses, hospitals, and schools.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A motherboard is like a city. It's the main structure that everything else is built on top of. The city has all the important amenities that people need in order to live - hospitals, schools, grocery stores, etc. Similarly, a motherboard has all the important features that a computer needs in order to function - ports for connecting devices, processors and memory, etc.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A computer's RAM (random access memory) is like its short-term memory. It is where the computer stores information that it is working on currently. The more RAM a computer has, the faster it can work because it can store more information at once.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ramming is like when you put your car in reverse and then hit the gas. It's a fast, hard way to move something backward.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ram can be compared to a student who is new to school. The student has a lot of energy and is ready to learn. Ram represents the new computer memory technology that is faster and more efficient than traditional memory technologies like hard drives and SSDs.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a big battery. It provides electricity to all the devices in your house.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a water tower that supplies water to a city. The power supply unit takes electricity from the grid and stores it in capacitors. When devices in the city need electricity, they draw it down from the power supply unit.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The power supply unit can be thought of as the heart of a computer. It is responsible for providing power to all of the other components in the system. Just like your heart circulates blood throughout your body, the power supply unit circulates electricity throughout the computer.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A keyboard is like a group of friends who all live in the same house. Each person has their own bedroom, but they also share common areas like the living room and kitchen. When one person wants to talk to another, they can go into that person's bedroom or just yell down the hall.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Think of the keyboard as a group of people sitting around a table. Each person has their own chair and each key is like someone's seat at the table. When you want to talk to someone, you have to go to them directly - you can't just yell across the room. You might also think of it as a series of buttons that you push in order to make things happen on your computer screen.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Your keyboard is like a group of people who live in the same house. Each person has their own bedroom, but they all share a kitchen, bathroom, and living room. The keyboard is like this house - it has many different rooms (each key on the keyboard), and you can go to any room that you want by pressing that key.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that lives in fields and barns. It is known for its long tail and quick movements. A mouse is similar to a rat, but it is typically smaller in size.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A mouse is like a tiny person who lives in your computer. They can run around and do things, and they help you control the cursor on the screen.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A mouse is like a small rodent that lives in people's houses and eats their food. Mice are very useful for scientists because they can be studied to learn about the effects of different drugs on behavior.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think about an audio card is as a translator between two languages. In this analogy, the computer is one language, and the audio card is another. The audio card takes the digital information from the computer (1s and 0s) and translates it into an analog signal that can be heard by humans. This translation process allows us to hear music, podcasts, or other audio files on our computers.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An audio card can be thought of as a translator. It takes the digital signals from your computer and turns them into sound that you can hear.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
If you think of your computer as a library, then the audio card would be the librarian. It helps organize and manage all of the audio files on your computer.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A video card can be thought of as a translator between the language of computers and the language of televisions. It takes digital information from the computer and converts it into an analogue signal that can be displayed on a television.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A video card can be thought of as a translator between your computer's CPU and the monitor. The video card takes the information from the CPU and turns it into images that can be displayed on the monitor.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A video card can be thought of as a translator between the language your computer speaks and the images on the screen. When you tell your computer to show an image, it sends a request to the video card, which finds and loads the image from your storage device (like your hard drive) into its dedicated memory. Then, using special software called drivers, it tells your monitor how to display that image as accurately as possible.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A tree's age calculation is like baking a cake. You can't just start with the eggs and flour and expect the cake to be done in an hour. The process of making a cake takes time, just as the growth of a tree takes time.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think about the age of a tree is to imagine that it has a birthday every year. So, if we look at a tree and see that it is six years old, that means it was born on January 1st of year 6. If we look at a tree and see that it is ten years old, that means it was born on January 1st of year 10.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A tree's age calculation is like a human's age calculation. Just as humans are born and then grow older with time, trees are born and then grow older with time. Trees can be aged by counting the number of rings in their trunk; just as humans can be aged by counting the number of years since they were born.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Glycolysis is like a fast food restaurant. The first step, like ordering at the counter, is when glucose from the blood stream enters the cell. The second step, like getting your food, is when enzymes break down the glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. The third step, like eating in the restaurant, is when the pyruvate leaves the cell to be used for energy by other cells.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Glycolysis can be thought of as the process of turning sugar into energy. Just like you need to put sugar in your car's gas tank in order to make it run, your body needs sugar to create energy. Glycolysis is the first step in doing this, and it turns the sugar into a usable form of energy.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Glycolysis can be thought of as the process of turning sugar into energy. Just like a car needs gasoline to run, your body needs sugar to create energy. Glycolysis is the first step in converting that sugar into usable energy for your cells.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
When light shines on a material, some of the photons bounce off and some are absorbed. If a photon is absorbed, it may give up its energy to cause an electron to jump up to a higher level in an atom or molecule. When the electron falls back down to a lower level, it releases energy in the form of a new photon. This process of absorbing and then releasing photons is called fluorescence.If you shine light on something that doesn't have any electrons (like a vacuum), then almost all of the photons will be scattered in random directions. This type of scattering is called anti-stokes scattering because it occurs against the direction of the incoming light beam	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	0
When light hits a particle, it can be scattered in many directions. Some of this scattering is due to the light interacting with the electric fields of the particles. This type of scattering is known as Thomson scattering. Another type of scattering occurs when a photon interacts with a molecule in such a way that it causes the molecule to rotate. This type of scattering is called anti-stokes scattering. It occurs when a photon has enough energy to break one or more molecular bonds within the molecule.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Imagine you are at a party and someone is speaking to you from across the room. The sound of their voice reaches your ears as a pattern of compression waves that travel through the air. When these waves hit your eardrum, they cause it to vibrate and this vibration is transmitted to your brain as sound. Now imagine that someone shines a bright light in your eyes while you are trying to listen to the person across the room. This light will scatter off of the particles in your eye and create its own set of compression waves that will compete with the original sound waves for your attention. This is analogous to anti-stokes scattering, which occurs when photons collide with molecules and causes them to emit new photons. These new photons can interfere with the original light signal, causing it to be scattered in all directions.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Stokes scattering is a bit like when you throw a stone into a pond and watch the ripples spread out. The photons (or stones) that hit the edge of the cloud are scattered in all directions, while those that travel deep into the cloud lose energy and are eventually absorbed.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Stokes scattering is a bit like when you throw a stone in a pond and watch the ripples spread out. The light waves are being scattered by all of the tiny particles (molecules) in the air, and this is what makes the sky blue.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Stokes scattering is a bit like when you throw a stone into a pond. The stone creates ripples that move outward from where it hit the water. The same thing happens with light waves: when they hit something, they create tiny ripples (scattering) that spread out in all directions.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The median lethal dose can be thought of as the amount of a toxic substance it takes to kill 50% of those exposed to it. In other words, if you had 100 people in a room and gave them all different doses of a toxic substance, the median lethal dose would be the dose that killed half of them.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a toxin that kills 50% of the people who are exposed to it. To think about this, imagine you have 100 people and you line them up from smallest to biggest. The median lethal dose would be the amount of toxin that kills 50 people when they are all lined up together.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance required to kill 50% of the population that is exposed to it. The analogy would be like if there are 100 people in a room and you want to know how many people you need to kill for half of them to die, then you would divide 50 by 2 which would give you 25. So in this analogy, 25 would be the median lethal dose.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The universe can be thought of as a large social system. The sun is the center of the solar system and it provides energy to all of the planets. The planets orbit around the sun and each has its own unique characteristics. In a similar way, people are at the center of their social networks and they provide energy to their friends and family members. Friends and family members orbit around them and each have their own unique characteristics. just like in a solar system, there are different types of relationships in a social network (e.g., close friends, casual friends, acquaintances).	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The universe can be thought of as a large group of people. Just as there are many different types of people in the world, there are many different types of galaxies and stars in the universe. Each type has its own unique characteristics. Some galaxies are big and bright, while others are small and dark. Some stars are hot and shine brightly, while others are cool and barely emit any light at all.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The universe can be thought of as a large city. The planets and stars are like the buildings in the city, while the sun is like the light at the center of the city. The planets orbit around the sun just as people walk around cities.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They work by fitting into a specific spot on a molecule and helping it to move or change shape. This makes it easier for the molecules to react with each other and complete the reaction.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	0
Think of enzymes as tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen. Just like a real machine, an enzyme has parts that work together to make it function. The part of the enzyme that does the chemical work is called the active site. The rest of the enzyme helps hold the active site in place and provides energy for it to do its job.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. Just like a machine has different parts that work together to make it run, enzymes have different parts that work together to help chemical reactions happen. Enzymes can be compared to tools in a toolbox. Each tool has a specific job and works best when it is used for that job. The same is true for enzymes—they each have a specific job and work best when they are used for that job.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An anova is a bit like a pie chart. It takes all of the information from lots of different tests and squeezes it into one easy to understand graph. This way, you can see how much each factor contributed to the results.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An ANOVA is a lot like taking the SATs. You're given a bunch of questions, and you have to answer them as best as you can. The questions are all different, but they all count towards your final score. After you've answered all the questions, your score is calculated based on how well you did on each question.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An anova is a bit like when your high school teacher would divide the class into groups for a project. You might be put in a group with three other people, and then your teacher would give you all a specific assignment to complete together. In this analogy, the students are the observations, the groups are the treatments, and the assignments are the effects.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A thermostat is like a bouncer at a club. It determines who gets in and who doesn't by reading the energy levels of the people inside. If it's too hot, the bouncer will let more people in to cool down the place. If it's too cold, he'll keep people out until it warms up.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A thermostat is like a person's body temperature. It controls the heat in a room by turning on or off the furnace as needed.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A thermostat is like a friend who always knows how you're feeling and helps to keep you comfortable. The thermostat senses the temperature in the room and turns on the heater or air conditioner as needed to maintain your desired temperature.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a see-saw. On one side of the see-saw, there are more reactants (chemical substances that are used to create a new chemical compound). On the other side of the see-saw, there are more products. The two sides balance each other out, so that the number of reactants and products is always equal.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a group of people in a room. Some people are standing, some are sitting and some are leaning against the wall. Eventually, everyone will be in balance - some standing, some sitting and some leaning. Chemical equilibrium is reached when the concentration of reactants and products is the same on both sides of the equation.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
A chemical equilibrium is like a dance. The dancers (molecules) are constantly moving around and changing partners (reacting). But eventually, they all find a partner and they stand still for a while (reach equilibrium).	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One analogy for just-in-time is a grocery store. The store has a limited amount of food, and it only stocks the food that it expects to sell in the near future. This prevents the store from having too much or too little food on hand, and it helps ensure that customers can always find fresh food.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Just-in-time can be thought of as a grocery store that only stocks fresh produce on the shelves. They do not have any extra food in the back room, and they do not order any food until it is sold. This analogy works well because just-in-time production is based on the principle of pull production. In other words, producers only make what consumers are asking for (just like the grocery store).	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Just-in-time is like a store that only stocks enough food for the day. If the store runs out of food, it will not be able to restock until the next day.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of adaptive immunity is as an immune system “memory.” When your body encounters a pathogen (a virus, bacteria, or other organism that can cause disease), it mounts a response. If you are exposed to the same pathogen again, your body will remember the first time it fought this invader and respond more quickly and effectively, because it has specific antibodies that target that particular pathogen. This is analogous to how we might remember someone after meeting them once before—we are quicker to recognize them the next time we see them because we have stored information about them in our memory.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an immune system that is constantly learning and evolving. It is similar to how a human brain can learn and adapt over time. The immune system is able to remember past infections and respond more effectively the next time it encounters the same virus or bacteria.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Adaptive immunity can be seen as a bouncer in a night club. The bouncer is constantly watching the door, and when someone tries to come into the club who is not on the guest list, the bouncer stops them. This is similar to how adaptive immunity works; it recognizes cells that are not supposed to be in the body and gets rid of them.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One analogy for Ohm's law is that of water pressure in a hose. Just as the water pressure can be increased by increasing the amount of water flowing through the hose, so too can electrical current be increased by increasing the number of electrons passing through a conductor.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ohm's law can be thought of as a relationship between water pressure and the volume of water flow. Just as higher water pressure leads to more water flowing through a pipe, a higher voltage will lead to more current flowing through a circuit. And just as reducing the diameter of a pipe restricts the amount of water that can flow through it, reducing the cross-sectional area of a wire reduces the amount of current that can flow through it.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ohm's law is like a traffic light. Red means stop, yellow means caution, and green means go. The same is true for voltage (red = high voltage, yellow = medium voltage, green = low voltage), current (red = large current, yellow = small current, green= tiny current), and resistance (high resistance = red light, low resistance=green light).	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Transcription is like taking dictation from a boss. The transcriptionist listens to the boss and types what the boss says.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Transcription is like taking dictation from a boss in a business meeting. The transcriptionist takes notes of everything the boss says and then types it up into a document that can be used later.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Transcription is a bit like taking dictation. You are listening to someone speak and writing down everything they say verbatim.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Rna polymerase is like a carpenter. It takes the instructions from the blueprint (the rna molecule) and builds the house, or in this case, copies the gene.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
RNA polymerase can be thought of as a “duplicating machine” that makes copies of genetic material (DNA) within cells. It does this by reading the DNA code and then creating new strands of RNA based on that code. Just like a photocopier creates multiple copies of a document, RNA polymerase can create multiple copies of a strand of DNA.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The analogy between RNA polymerase and a secretary is that the secretary takes dictation from the boss, writes it down, and then sends it out. In the same way, RNA polymerase takes instructions from DNA (the boss), creates a copy of those instructions in the form of RNA (the written note), and then sends it out to be used by the cell.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the machines that put together the pieces of a LEGO set. The DNA is like the instructions for putting together the LEGO set, and the ribosomes read these instructions and put together the proteins accordingly.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like a very large and complex team of construction workers. They take the instructions for building something (the DNA) and use them to create proteins, which are like the finished product.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They take the instructions from the DNA and create new proteins.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks the door to DNA. The activator protein binds to specific sequences of DNA and then helps to initiate the transcription process.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks the door to a room. The activator protein binds to another molecule called an effector, and this interaction activates the effector.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks the door to a room. The activator protein binds to another molecule, called an operator protein, which is located in the DNA of the cell. This interaction between the activator and operator proteins allows for the production of RNA polymerase, which can then start to transcribe genes into mRNA.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electricity is a lot like water in a pipe. Just as the water pressure can make a faucet turn on or off, electricity flowing through wires has voltage (pressure) that can make things turn on or off. The amount of electricity passing through a wire at any given time is called current, just like the flow rate of water is called the water current.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One analogy for electric circuits is water pipes. Just as electricity flows through a circuit, water flows through a pipe system. The pressure of the water (pounds per square inch) is analogous to the voltage in an electric circuit, and the amount of water that flows through a pipe (gallons per minute) is analogous to the current in an electric circuit.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Electricity is like water in a hose. The voltage (pressure) is the force of the water, and the amperage (quantity) is how much water comes out of the hose at once. Just as you can turn a faucet on or off to control the amount of water that comes out, you can control how much electricity flows through an electrical circuit by controlling the voltage. You can also change how wide or narrow the stream of water is by adjusting the nozzle on the end of hose. Similarly, you can adjust a resistor in an electric circuit to control how much current flows through it.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One analogy for the hydrophobic effect is that of two people shaking hands. If one person has sweaty hands, the other person will likely feel uncomfortable and want to stop shaking hands. The same thing happens with water molecules and nonpolar molecules. The water molecule is like the sweaty hand, and the nonpolar molecule is like the other person who doesn't want to shake hands anymore.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
The hydrophobic effect is a bit like when you're at the beach and all of your friends decide to go in the water, but you don't want to because you don't like getting wet. The water represents the solvent (in this case, H2O) and your friends represent the solutes. Just as you don't want to get wet, the solutes don't want to be in contact with the solvent. This is because water molecules are strongly attracted to each other (due to their polarity), which makes it difficult for non-polar molecules to break through that layer of attraction and come into contact with the water.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
One analogy for the hydrophobic effect is that it is similar to oil and water not mixing. This is because the molecules of oil are less attracted to water than the molecules of water are to each other.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a social process in which information is exchanged between two or more people. The sender (the biological molecule initiating the signal) is like a person sending a message, and the receiver (the cell responding to the signal) is like the person receiving it. The message may be something simple, like "I'm hungry," or more complicated, like "I need you to help me get food." In either case, the sender and receiver are both communicating with each other in order to exchange information.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Biological signal transduction is a bit like how messages are sent through a telephone system. A message is transmitted from one person to another by speaking into the phone at one end, and the other person hears the message in their earpiece. In the same way, proteins in our cells transmit signals by binding to each other, and this triggers a chain of events that eventually leads to a change in the cell's behaviour.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Biological signal transduction can be analogized to a telephone system. The input is the sound, which is converted into an electronic signal by the microphone. This signal is then sent through the phone line to the other person's phone, where it is converted back into sound.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for a social science student.	ht	social science	1
Nadh is like the oxygen in the air. It is necessary for life and is found in all living things.	nadh	Using a social science analogy, explain nadh.	lt	social science	1
Proteins are like the bricks and mortar of the body. They are the building blocks of life. Proteins are made up of amino acids, and they are responsible for everything from muscle growth to hormone production.	proteins	Using a social science analogy, explain proteins.	lt	social science	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. It is a set of instructions that tells the body how to create a particular protein.	dna	Using a social science analogy, explain dna.	lt	social science	1
Glycogen is a storage molecule for glucose in the body. It is made up of chains of glucose molecules and is stored in the liver and muscles. Glycogen is used to provide energy for the body, especially during exercise.	glycogen	Using a social science analogy, explain glycogen.	lt	social science	0
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the postal service in a city. It is a system of tubes and sacs that carry messages (in the form of proteins) between the cells' nucleus and the rest of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a social science analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	lt	social science	1
Golgi is the brain of the cell. It is responsible for receiving and processing information from the cell's surface and transmitting it to the nucleus.	golgi	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi.	lt	social science	0
The plasma membrane is like a border patrol. It is responsible for letting some things in and keeping other things out. The things that are allowed in and out are determined by what is needed or not needed by the cell. The plasma membrane is also responsible for cell communication.	plasma membrane	Using a social science analogy, explain plasma membrane.	lt	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the garbage collectors of the cell. They break down old or damaged proteins and other cellular components into their component parts. This allows the cell to recycle these materials and use them to build new proteins and other cellular components.	lysosome	Using a social science analogy, explain lysosome.	lt	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the cells of the social sciences. They are small and numerous, and they play a major role in the functioning of the larger entity. In the case of peroxisomes, they play a major role in the metabolism of the cell.	peroxisomes	Using a social science analogy, explain peroxisomes.	lt	social science	1
Mitochondria are like the cells' power plants. They take in nutrients, break them down, and create energy that the cells can use.	mitochondria	Using a social science analogy, explain mitochondria.	lt	social science	1
A chloroplast is a small organelle in a plant cell that is responsible for photosynthesis. It contains the green pigment chlorophyll, which absorbs sunlight and uses it to convert carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen.	chloroplast	Using a social science analogy, explain chloroplast.	lt	social science	0
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides the structure that the cells need to stay organized and function properly. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins that form a network inside the cell. This network helps to control the shape and movement of the cell.	cytoskeleton	Using a social science analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	lt	social science	1
ATP is the currency of energy for all cells in the body. Just as money is needed to purchase goods and services, ATP is needed to power all cellular activity. ATP is produced by the mitochondria, and is used to fuel muscle contraction, nerve impulse transmission, and all other cellular processes.	atp	Using a social science analogy, explain atp.	lt	social science	1
NADPH is like the fuel that powers a car. It is necessary for the car to run, and it helps the car run more efficiently. NADPH is necessary for the cell to function, and it helps the cell function more efficiently.	nadph	Using a social science analogy, explain nadph.	lt	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like the cells of the social sciences. They are small, but they play an important role in the overall function of the cell. Peroxysomes are responsible for breaking down fatty acids and proteins, and they also help to recycle damaged proteins.	peroxysome	Using a social science analogy, explain peroxysome.	lt	social science	1
Mytochondria are the cells in our body that produce energy. They are similar to the power plants that produce energy for our cities. Just as a city would not function without its power plants, our body would not function without its mytochondria.	mytochondria	Using a social science analogy, explain mytochondria.	lt	social science	1
Electric forces are like people in a room. The people are all pushing and pulling on each other, and the force between them is the result of all of the pushing and pulling.	electric forces	Using a social science analogy, explain electric forces.	lt	social science	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a social group. The electron is in a constant state of motion, and it is constantly interacting with the other electrons in its orbital. The electron's orbital is also constantly changing, as new electrons are added and old ones are removed.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a social science analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	lt	social science	1
The body's first line of defense is the skin. The skin is a barrier that protects the body from infection and other foreign objects. The skin also helps to regulate the body's temperature.	first line of defense in the body	Using a social science analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	lt	social science	0
Macrophages are like the police force of the body. They patrol the body and look for things that don't belong there, like bacteria or viruses. Once they find something, they gobble it up and get rid of it.	macrophages	Using a social science analogy, explain macrophages.	lt	social science	1
T-helper cells are like the police officers of the immune system. They help to coordinate the activities of the other cells of the immune system, and they help to direct the immune system's response to specific threats.	t-helper cells	Using a social science analogy, explain t-helper cells.	lt	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and look for signs of infection or disease. When they find something, they sound the alarm and call in the other parts of the immune system to help fight the infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using a social science analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	lt	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and identify and destroy cells that are not supposed to be there.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a social science analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	lt	social science	1
Infection by bacteria is a bit like an invasion by an army. The bacteria use various strategies to overcome the body's defences and establish themselves in the tissues. Some bacteria produce toxins that damage cells or interfere with their function. Others attach themselves to cells and use them to multiply. Some bacteria can even evade the body's immune system.	invasion of bacterias	Using a social science analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	lt	social science	1
Action potential is like a crowd of people walking through a door. The people are the ions and the door is the membrane. When enough people push at the door at the same time, it opens and they all walk through.	action potential	Using a social science analogy, explain action potential.	lt	social science	1
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed on a strip of paper and the different components are then separated by their different rates of travel.	experiment of chromatography	Using a social science analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	lt	social science	0
Stars spend most of their lives on the main sequence. This is because they are using their nuclear fuel to generate heat and light. The main sequence is a long, stable phase where the star is using its hydrogen fuel to generate heat and light. Once the hydrogen fuel is used up, the star will move off of the main sequence and into a different phase of its life.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a social science analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	lt	social science	0
A nucleus is like the brain of a cell. It contains the genetic information that determines the characteristics of the cell. It also controls the activities of the cell.	nucleus	Using a social science analogy, explain nucleus.	lt	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They are responsible for making all of the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	Using a social science analogy, explain ribosomes.	lt	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that is found in the cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells. It is responsible for the processing and packaging of proteins that are to be exported from the cell. The proteins are first synthesized on the ribosomes and then they are transported to the Golgi apparatus, where they are modified and then packaged into vesicles. The vesicles are then transported to the cell membrane, where they are released into the extracellular environment.	golgi apparatus	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	lt	social science	0
Lysosomes are like the digestive system of a cell. They digest proteins, lipids, and other molecules.	lysosomes	Using a social science analogy, explain lysosomes.	lt	social science	1
The nuclear envelope is like the skin of a cell. It surrounds the nucleus and helps to protect it. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm of the cell, and the inner membrane is in contact with the nucleus. The nuclear envelope helps to control the movement of substances in and out of the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using a social science analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	lt	social science	1
A vacuole is a small, membrane-bound vesicle that is found in the cytoplasm of all eukaryotic cells. Its primary function is to store various substances, such as water, ions, proteins, and lipids.	vacuoles	Using a social science analogy, explain vacuoles.	lt	social science	0
Cytoplasm is the "fluid" inside a cell. It contains the cell's DNA, proteins, and other organelles.	cytoplasm	Using a social science analogy, explain cytoplasm.	lt	social science	0
A chromosome is like a book. It is a long, thin molecule that contains the genetic information that makes up a living thing.	chromosome	Using a social science analogy, explain chromosome.	lt	social science	1
Cytosol is the liquid within a cell that contains the cell's organelles and cytoplasm. It is a water-based solution that is made up of proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, and minerals. The cytosol helps to maintain the cell's structure and function, and it also transports nutrients and other essential materials to the cell's organelles.	cytosol	Using a social science analogy, explain cytosol.	lt	social science	0
A cell is like a small society. It has a leader (the nucleus), it has workers (the cytoplasm), it has a way to communicate (the cytoplasmic streaming), and it has a way to reproduce (mitosis).	cell	Using a social science analogy, explain cell.	lt	social science	1
A vesicle is a small sac-like structure that is found in many different places in the body. Vesicles are used to store different things, such as enzymes or hormones.	vesicles	Using a social science analogy, explain vesicles.	lt	social science	0
A cell wall is like a fence that surrounds a yard. It helps to keep things in and keep things out.	cell wall	Using a social science analogy, explain cell wall.	lt	social science	1
Cells are the basic unit of life. Just as a society is composed of individuals, a cell is composed of molecules. Cells are the smallest unit of life that can replicate independently.	cells	Using a social science analogy, explain cells.	lt	social science	1
A cell membrane is like a fence that surrounds the cell and controls what goes in and out. The cell membrane is made of a lipid bilayer, which is a thin layer of fat. The lipid bilayer is made of two layers of phospholipids, which are molecules that have a phosphate group and a lipid group. The phosphate group is attracted to water, while the lipid group is attracted to other lipids. This makes the lipid bilayer very flexible and able to change shape. The cell membrane is also studded with proteins, which can interact with the lipids and other proteins.	cell membrane	Using a social science analogy, explain cell membrane.	lt	social science	1
The Golgi body is a bit like the post office in your town. It is responsible for receiving packages (the proteins that are made by the ribosomes) from all over the cell and sorting them into different mailboxes (the different organelles). It also packages up the proteins that are ready to be shipped out of the cell.	golgi body	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi body.	lt	social science	1
A capacitor is a device that stores energy in an electric field. It has two metal plates separated by a dielectric material. When a voltage is applied, the electric field builds up between the plates. The capacitor can store a lot of energy in a small space.	capacitance	Using a social science analogy, explain capacitance.	lt	social science	0
Electric current is like a river of electricity. It flows from the power plant to your house and powers your appliances.	electric current	Using a social science analogy, explain electric current.	lt	social science	1
Voltage is the measure of potential energy between two points in an electrical circuit. It is a measure of how much work can be done per unit of charge. Voltage is also known as electrical potential.	voltage	Using a social science analogy, explain voltage.	lt	social science	0
In a social science analogy, communication in a cell would be like people in a city communicating with each other. Specialization would be like people in different parts of the city having different jobs.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a social science analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	lt	social science	1
Kirchhoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This law is important in electrical engineering because it allows engineers to calculate the voltage at any point in a circuit by tracing the path of the current.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a social science analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	lt	social science	0
A density wave is a wave of increased density that moves through a medium. It is created when a disturbance causes the medium to compress on one side and expand on the other. The wave travels until the medium returns to its original state.	nature of a density wave	Using a social science analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	lt	social science	0
Enzymes are like the workers in a factory. They are responsible for the chemical reactions that occur in the body. Enzymes are produced by the body and are found in all body tissues.	enzymes	Using a social science analogy, explain enzymes.	lt	social science	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as a library. The library has many shelves, and each shelf has many books. The books on the shelves are the active memory system. The active memory system is always changing. New books are added to the shelves, and old books are removed from the shelves. The books on the shelves are the active memory system.	human active memory system	Using a social science analogy, explain human active memory system.	lt	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. The rate of the reaction is determined by the rate of the slowest step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a social science analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	lt	social science	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and a solvent is passed through the column. The components of the mixture are separated based on their different rates of movement through the column.	column chromatography	Using a social science analogy, explain column chromatography.	lt	social science	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a group of people who are all talking to each other. The people are in equilibrium because they are all talking and listening to each other. If one person stops talking, the equilibrium is disrupted and the group will start to talk to each other more.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a social science analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	lt	social science	1
A vacuole is like a social scientist's laboratory. It is a place where they can study the effects of different variables on a cell.	vacuole	Using a social science analogy, explain vacuole.	lt	social science	1
A transport vesicle is a small sac that helps transport proteins and other materials within a cell. The sac is formed when the cell membrane pinches in on itself, creating a small bubble. The proteins and other materials are then enclosed in the bubble and transported to their destination.	transport vesicles	Using a social science analogy, explain transport vesicles.	lt	social science	0
Proto-oncogenes are like the early warning signs of cancer. They are genes that can become cancerous if they are mutated, but they don't always lead to cancer. Like the early warning signs of a storm, proto-oncogenes can be a sign that something is wrong, but they don't always mean that a storm is coming.	proto-oncogenes	Using a social science analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	lt	social science	1
Oncogenes are like the "bad seeds" of cancer. They are genes that have the potential to cause cancer. Normally, oncogenes are kept under control by tumor suppressor genes. However, if something happens to disrupt the balance between these two types of genes, oncogenes can start to cause cancer.	oncogenes	Using a social science analogy, explain oncogenes.	lt	social science	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police of the body. They help to keep cells from growing and dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way. This can help to prevent tumors from forming.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a social science analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	lt	social science	1
Brittle software is software that is not very flexible and breaks easily. It is not very tolerant of changes and does not handle errors well.	brittle software	Using a social science analogy, explain brittle software.	lt	social science	0
A resonance hybrid is a molecule formed from two or more atoms that are held together by covalent bonds. The atoms share one or more pairs of electrons, and the resulting molecule is more stable than the individual atoms. In a resonance hybrid, the electrons are shared in such a way that the molecule has more than one possible Lewis structure.	resonance hybrid	Using a social science analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	lt	social science	0
A wave mechanical model is similar to a social network in that it is a way to represent the relationships between objects. In a wave mechanical model, the objects are atoms and the relationships are the forces between them. The wave mechanical model can be used to predict the behavior of the atoms in a system.	wave mechanical model	Using a social science analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	lt	social science	1
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. It is used to help diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures.	electroencephalogram	Using a social science analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	lt	social science	0
DNA replication is similar to the process of photocopying a document. The DNA molecule is like the document, and the enzymes that duplicate the DNA are like the photocopier. The DNA is split in two, and each half is copied. The new DNA molecules are identical to the original DNA molecule.	dna replication	Using a social science analogy, explain dna replication.	lt	social science	1
RNA transcription is similar to the process of writing a paper. The DNA is the original document, and the RNA is the copy that is created. The RNA is similar to the final copy of the paper, while the DNA is like the original document.	rna transcription	Using a social science analogy, explain rna transcription.	lt	social science	1
Protein translation is the process by which a gene is converted into a protein. The gene is first transcribed into RNA, and then the RNA is translated into protein.	protein translation	Using a social science analogy, explain protein translation.	lt	social science	0
An ecosystem is a community of different species of living organisms and their physical environment.	ecosystem	Using a social science analogy, explain ecosystem.	lt	social science	0
A neuron is like a telephone line. When you pick up the phone and dial a number, the phone at the other end rings. This is because the electrical current in your phone line is causing the electrical current in the phone at the other end to ring. This is analogous to an action potential traveling down a neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a social science analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	lt	social science	1
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs extract oxygen from the air and the frog's blood carries the oxygen to the rest of its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a social science analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	lt	social science	1
A social science analogy for layered architecture would be to think of a pyramid. The base of the pyramid is the broadest and most stable layer. The layers above the base get narrower and narrower as they reach the top. The top of the pyramid is the most unstable and vulnerable layer. This analogy can be used to explain the concept of layered architecture. The base of the pyramid is the most stable layer and is responsible for the majority of the work. The layers above the base are responsible for less work and are less stable. The top of the pyramid is the most unstable layer and is only responsible for a small amount of the work.	layered architecture	Using a social science analogy, explain layered architecture.	lt	social science	1
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is completely consumed in a chemical reaction, while the excess reactant is the reactant that is not consumed.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a social science analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	lt	social science	0
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. It has many different parts that work together to keep the cell alive. The nucleus is like the city hall. It contains the cells DNA. The mitochondria are like the power plants. They produce the cells energy. The ribosomes are like the factories. They produce the cells proteins. The cytoskeleton is like the roads and bridges. It helps the cell move around. The cell membrane is like the city walls. It protects the cell from outside invaders.	eukaryotic cell	Using a social science analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	lt	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. It has a mayor (the nucleus), a police force (the ribosomes), and a fire department (the enzymes). It also has a sewage system (the cytoplasm) and a water system (the cell membrane).	prokaryotic cell	Using a social science analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	lt	social science	1
The kernel is the most important part of an operating system. It is the part of the system that controls the allocation and use of resources, and it mediates all communication between the user applications and the hardware.	operating systems kernel	Using a social science analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	lt	social science	0
A limiting reactant is a reactant in a chemical reaction that is in short supply. The reaction will stop when the limiting reactant is used up.	limiting reactant	Using a social science analogy, explain limiting reactant.	lt	social science	0
Helicase is a protein that helps to unzip DNA so that it can be copied. It is like a zipper on a coat.	helicase	Using a social science analogy, explain helicase.	lt	social science	0
Replication binding proteins are like the social science equivalent of a bouncer at a nightclub. They are responsible for ensuring that only authorized individuals are able to replicate DNA. They do this by binding to specific sequences on the DNA molecule and preventing other proteins from attaching. This ensures that the genetic information is accurately copied from one generation to the next.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a social science analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	lt	social science	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is responsible for repairing broken DNA strands and for creating new DNA strands during replication. Ligase is also responsible for joining chromosomes together during cell division.	ligase	Using a social science analogy, explain ligase.	lt	social science	0
A process control block (PCB) is a small, lightweight metal or plastic component that is used to mount and support integrated circuits (ICs) and other electronic components. A PCB also provides electrical connections between the ICs and other components.	process control block	Using a social science analogy, explain process control block.	lt	social science	0
Message encoding is the process of transforming the meaning of a message into a format that can be transmitted. This may involve translating the message into a code or cipher that can be read by the intended recipient. It may also involve compressing the message so that it can be transmitted more quickly or using a different medium such as sound or light.	message encoding	Using a social science analogy, explain message encoding.	lt	social science	0
Just as different social science theories seek to explain different aspects of human behavior, different drugs interact with different receptor sites in the brain to produce different effects. Some drugs, like cocaine, stimulate the receptor site, while others, like heroin, block the receptor site. Still others, like marijuana, interact with the receptor site in a more complex way, producing a range of effects.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a social science analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	lt	social science	1
A monitor is like a scientist who observes and records the behavior of the animals in a lab. The scientist monitors the animals to see how they interact with each other and their environment. In the same way, a monitor observes and records the behavior of users on a website or online platform.	monitor	Using a social science analogy, explain monitor.	lt	social science	1
CPU stands for Central Processing Unit. It is the "brain" of the computer. It is responsible for performing all the calculations and tasks that the computer is asked to do.	cpu	Using a social science analogy, explain cpu.	lt	social science	0
A motherboard is like the skeleton of a human. It is the main support system that everything else is attached to. The motherboard is responsible for providing power to the other components, and for communicating with them.	motherboard	Using a social science analogy, explain motherboard.	lt	social science	1
Ram is a social science analogy for a process of forcing two populations to merge. In the analogy, ram is the process of forcibly mating two sheep populations together to create a new, hybrid population.	ram	Using a social science analogy, explain ram.	lt	social science	1
A power supply unit (PSU) is a component of a computer system that supplies power to the system's internal components. The PSU converts AC power from the wall outlet into the DC power that the computer system requires.	power supply unit	Using a social science analogy, explain power supply unit.	lt	social science	0
A keyboard is like a survey questionnaire. It is a tool that helps people communicate with each other.	keyboard	Using a social science analogy, explain keyboard.	lt	social science	1
Mouse is a software program that allows users to control their computer's cursor with a handheld device, such as a mouse, trackball, or joystick.	mouse	Using a social science analogy, explain mouse.	lt	social science	0
An audio card is like a scientist who is conducting an experiment. The audio card is sending a signal to the speakers, and the speakers are sending the signal back to the audio card. This process is repeated over and over again, and it creates the sound that we hear.	audio card	Using a social science analogy, explain audio card.	lt	social science	1
A video card is like a scientist's lab. It is where all the data processing and graphics rendering takes place. The video card has its own processor and memory, which helps it to handle the intense workloads of graphics-intensive games and applications.	video card	Using a social science analogy, explain video card.	lt	social science	1
The tree's age calculation is like a social scientist counting the number of people in a room. The social scientist would first count the number of people in the room and then divide that number by the number of years the average person lives to get the approximate age of the room's population. The tree's age calculation is similar in that it first counts the number of rings in the tree and then divides that number by the number of years the average tree lives to get the approximate age of the tree.	tree's age calculation	Using a social science analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	lt	social science	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using a social science analogy, explain glycolysis.	lt	social science	0
Anti-stokes scattering is the process of a photon being scattered in the opposite direction of the incident photon. This occurs when the energy of the scattered photon is greater than the energy of the incident photon.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a social science analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	lt	social science	0
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light or other electromagnetic radiation by small particles in a gas or liquid. The scattering is caused by the collisions of the photons or particles with the atoms or molecules of the gas or liquid. The photons or particles are scattered in all directions and the intensity of the scattered light is reduced.	stokes scattering	Using a social science analogy, explain stokes scattering.	lt	social science	0
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill 50% of the population that is exposed to it.	median lethal dose	Using a social science analogy, explain median lethal dose.	lt	social science	0
The universe can be thought of as a large social network. It has billions of stars and planets, each with their own set of relationships. The universe is constantly evolving, with new stars and planets forming while others die out. Just like in a social network, some planets and stars are more important than others, and some relationships are stronger than others.	universe	Using a social science analogy, explain universe.	lt	social science	1
Enzyme mechanism is like a social science analogy in the way that it is a process that is constantly happening and is difficult to see the exact steps that are involved. Just as with social science, there are many factors that contribute to the overall outcome of enzyme activity. The main factors that contribute to enzyme activity are the substrate, the enzyme, and the environment. The substrate is the molecule that the enzyme acts on, and the enzyme is the molecule that does the work. The environment is everything else in the reaction that can affect the outcome, such as the temperature and the pH.	enzyme mechanism	Using a social science analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	lt	social science	1
Anova is a statistical technique used to compare the means of two or more groups. It stands for "analysis of variance."	anova	Using a social science analogy, explain anova.	lt	social science	0
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on or off the heating or cooling system as needed.	thermostat	Using a social science analogy, explain thermostat.	lt	social science	0
Chemical equilibrium is like a balance in a social science analogy. In equilibrium, the forward and reverse reactions occur at the same rate, so the net change in the concentration of the reactants and products is zero. This analogy can be used to help understand the concept of equilibrium.	chemical equilibrium	Using a social science analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	lt	social science	1
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's efficiency by reducing the amount of inventory it holds. The idea is that instead of having a large stockpile of goods that may or may not sell, a company should only produce or order what it needs as it needs it. This reduces the amount of money spent on storage and eliminates the need to dispose of unused inventory.	just-in-time	Using a social science analogy, explain just-in-time.	lt	social science	0
Adaptive immunity is like a bouncer at a nightclub. It is always on the lookout for intruders (foreign molecules) and, when it finds them, it quickly gets rid of them. This is done by creating antibodies (special proteins) that specifically recognize and bind to the intruder. Once bound, the antibody marks the intruder for destruction by other parts of the immune system.	adaptive immunity	Using a social science analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	lt	social science	1
Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference between those points. In other words, the greater the voltage difference between two points, the greater the current that will flow between them.	ohm's law	Using a social science analogy, explain ohm's law.	lt	social science	1
Transcription is the process of converting the genetic code of a gene into a protein. The genetic code is made up of a sequence of codons, which are the building blocks of DNA. Each codon is made up of three nucleotides, and each nucleotide is represented by a letter. The sequence of codons in a gene is converted into a sequence of amino acids, which are the building blocks of proteins.	transcription	Using a social science analogy, explain transcription.	lt	social science	0
RNA polymerase is a bit like a social scientist. It reads the instructions in a gene (like a set of instructions for a recipe) and builds a new molecule of RNA (like a cake).	rna polymerase	Using a social science analogy, explain rna polymerase.	lt	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They are responsible for making all of the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosome	Using a social science analogy, explain ribosome.	lt	social science	1
Activator protein is a protein that helps to activate other proteins. It is responsible for starting the process that leads to gene expression.	activator protein	Using a social science analogy, explain activator protein.	lt	social science	0
A circuit is like a social network. It is a collection of nodes (or people) and the connections between them. The nodes can be anything from a light bulb to a computer. The connections can be wires or they can be electronic signals. When you turn on the light bulb, it is the node that is activated. The electricity flows through the wires to the light bulb and then back to the power source.	electric circuit	Using a social science analogy, explain electric circuit.	lt	social science	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in aqueous solutions. This is because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with one another than with the nonpolar molecules. The nonpolar molecules are repelled by the water and tend to aggregate together.	hydrophobic effect	Using a social science analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	lt	social science	0
Biological signal transduction is the process by which a signal from one cell is transmitted to another cell. The signal is transmitted by a molecule called a hormone. The hormone binds to a receptor on the surface of the cell. This causes a change in the activity of the receptor, which in turn causes a change in the activity of the cell.	biological signal transduction	Using a social science analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	lt	social science	0
Nadh is like an enzyme in the body that helps to break down glucose for energy. It is a cofactor, which means it is necessary for the chemical reaction to take place. In this analogy, glucose would be like food, and nadh would be like the digestive system breaking down the food so that the body can use it for energy.	nadh	Using a social science analogy, explain nadh.	ht	social science	1
Nadh is a molecule that helps shuttle energy within the cells of the body. It is analogous to social scientists who help shuttle information and ideas within the field of social science.	nadh	Using a social science analogy, explain nadh.	ht	social science	1
Nadh is similar to a scientific control in an experiment. It helps to ensure that the results of an experiment are not due to some other factor, and that the change being studied is actually caused by the treatment or variable being tested. In this way, it can help scientists understand how different factors interact and affect one another.	nadh	Using a social science analogy, explain nadh.	ht	social science	1
Proteins are like the workers in a factory. They are responsible for building and maintaining the structure of the cell, as well as performing other biochemical tasks.	proteins	Using a social science analogy, explain proteins.	ht	social science	1
Proteins are like the workers in a factory. They do all of the important work to create and maintain the products that the factory produces.	proteins	Using a social science analogy, explain proteins.	ht	social science	1
Just as various social science theories seek to explain different aspects of human behavior, proteins are responsible for the many functions within a cell. Enzymes are proteins that catalyze biochemical reactions and transport substances across membranes. Structural proteins give cells their shape and hold DNA together. Immunoglobulins are antibodies that defend against infection. And hemoglobin transports oxygen throughout the body.	proteins	Using a social science analogy, explain proteins.	ht	social science	1
DNA is the genetic material found in all living cells. It is made up of long chains of building blocks called nucleotides. The sequence of these nucleotides determines everything about a person, from their physical characteristics to the way they think and feel.	dna	Using a social science analogy, explain dna.	ht	social science	0
DNA is like the social sciences because it is a way to study and understand people. DNA is made up of genes, which are like the building blocks of people. Just as social scientists can study different aspects of human behavior by looking at different genes, DNA can be used to study different aspects of an organism’s biology by looking at its genetic code.	dna	Using a social science analogy, explain dna.	ht	social science	1
DNA is the "genetic blueprint" of an organism. It is a long molecule made up of smaller molecules called nucleotides. The sequence of these nucleotides determines the characteristics of an organism.	dna	Using a social science analogy, explain dna.	ht	social science	0
Glycogen is a form of glucose, which is the body's primary source of energy. Glucose is stored in the liver and muscles as glycogen. When the body needs energy, glycogen breaks down into glucose and provides that energy.	glycogen	Using a social science analogy, explain glycogen.	ht	social science	0
A glycogen molecule is like a big bucket of nails. Each nail (representing a glucose molecule) can be used by the body to build things or fix things, but it takes time and effort to pull each one out. When the bucket is full of nails, it's hard to get any more out. But if you take some nails out and put them back in, the bucket becomes easier to fill up again.	glycogen	Using a social science analogy, explain glycogen.	ht	social science	1
Glycogen is a storage form of carbohydrate in the body. It is made up of long chains of glucose molecules and it is stored mainly in the liver and muscles. Glycogen provides energy for the body to use during exercise or periods of fasting.	glycogen	Using a social science analogy, explain glycogen.	ht	social science	0
Endoplasmic reticulum is a network of membrane-bound tubes and sacs found in the cytoplasm of cells. It plays an essential role in making proteins and other important cellular components.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a social science analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	ht	social science	0
Endoplasmic Reticulum is a bit like the postal service of the cell. It transports proteins and other materials around the cell, ensuring that everything is where it needs to be. The ER is also responsible for folding proteins correctly, so that they can do their job properly inside the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a social science analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	ht	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is similar to the postal service. It is a large, complex system that carries out a variety of important functions. In the case of the endoplasmic reticulum, these functions include delivering proteins to other parts of the cell and manufacturing new lipids. Like the postal service, it is essential for keeping cells running smoothly.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a social science analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	ht	social science	1
Golgi is like the postal service. It receives mail (in the form of proteins) from all over the cell and sorts it into different packages (or compartments). These compartments are then delivered to specific destinations, just like a letter sent to your house would be delivered to your mailbox.	golgi	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi.	ht	social science	1
Golgi is the scientific study of how societies function. It looks at the different parts of a society and how they interact with each other to create a cohesive whole. Golgi also examines how societies change over time, and what factors influence these changes.	golgi	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi.	ht	social science	0
Golgi is like the postal service. It takes information from different parts of the brain and assembles it into a coherent message.	golgi	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi.	ht	social science	1
The plasma membrane is like the skin of a human. It is a protective layer that surrounds and separates the inside of the cell from the outside environment. The plasma membrane also helps regulate what enters and leaves the cell.	plasma membrane	Using a social science analogy, explain plasma membrane.	ht	social science	1
The plasma membrane is like a social network. It is a thin sheet of material that surrounds and protects the cells in our body. The plasma membrane allows important things to enter and leave the cell while blocking other things from entering or leaving. Just like on social networks, we can control who sees our information by setting privacy settings. The plasma membrane controls what enters and leaves the cell much like Facebook controls what we share with our friends.	plasma membrane	Using a social science analogy, explain plasma membrane.	ht	social science	1
The plasma membrane is the cell's outer boundary. It is a thin sheet of lipid (fat) molecules and proteins that encloses the cell and separates its interior from its environment. The plasma membrane regulates what enters and leaves the cell, allowing some substances to pass through while blocking others.	plasma membrane	Using a social science analogy, explain plasma membrane.	ht	social science	0
Lysosomes are like the garbage collectors of a cell. They digest and recycle worn-out or damaged cells parts.	lysosome	Using a social science analogy, explain lysosome.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the stomach of a cell. They digest materials that the cell needs, such as proteins and fats. Lysosomes also break down old cells parts so that the cell can reuse them.	lysosome	Using a social science analogy, explain lysosome.	ht	social science	1
A lysosome is a sac-like organelle found in the cytoplasm of all cells. It is surrounded by a single membrane and contains enzymes that digest proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids.	lysosome	Using a social science analogy, explain lysosome.	ht	social science	0
Peroxisomes are like the cells of a city. Just as the cells of a city need to work together to create a functioning whole, peroxisomes need to work together to create a functioning cell. Peroxisomes are important for breaking down fats and toxins, and they also produce energy for the cell.	peroxisomes	Using a social science analogy, explain peroxisomes.	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the cells of a social science community. They are small and numerous, and they play an important role in keeping the community functioning. Peroxisomes produce energy for the cell, break down toxins, and help regulate other cellular activities.	peroxisomes	Using a social science analogy, explain peroxisomes.	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the small towns in America. They are not as big as a city, but they have all of the necessary amenities to support life. Peroxisomes have important functions in metabolism and cell signaling.	peroxisomes	Using a social science analogy, explain peroxisomes.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria are like the engines of a car. They produce the energy that the cell needs to function.	mitochondria	Using a social science analogy, explain mitochondria.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria are like the engines of a car. They produce the energy that cells need to function.	mitochondria	Using a social science analogy, explain mitochondria.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria are like the cells' power plants. They take in nutrients and oxygen and turn them into energy that the cell can use.	mitochondria	Using a social science analogy, explain mitochondria.	ht	social science	1
A chloroplast is a small organelle found in the cytoplasm of plant cells. It is important for photosynthesis, which is the process that uses sunlight to convert carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen. The chloroplast contains structures called thylakoids, which are where light energy is converted into chemical energy.	chloroplast	Using a social science analogy, explain chloroplast.	ht	social science	0
Chloroplasts are organelles in plant cells that are responsible for photosynthesis. Just as a sociology professor might use the analogy of a factory to explain the concept of capitalism to students, chloroplasts can be thought of as miniature factories inside plant cells that produce glucose from light and carbon dioxide.	chloroplast	Using a social science analogy, explain chloroplast.	ht	social science	1
In social science, a chloroplast is an organelle in the cell of plants that is responsible for photosynthesis. Photosynthesis is the process by which plants convert light energy into chemical energy that can be used to power cellular processes. Chloroplasts are filled with thylakoids, sac-like structures within the organelle that are involved in photosynthesis.	chloroplast	Using a social science analogy, explain chloroplast.	ht	social science	0
The cytoskeleton is a network of protein filaments that gives cells their shape and helps them move. It also plays a role in cell division and other important cellular processes. The cytoskeleton is analogous to the scaffolding on a construction site, which provides support for the workers and helps them to move around.	cytoskeleton	Using a social science analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	ht	social science	1
The cytoskeleton is a network of protein filaments that extends throughout the cytoplasm of cells. It supports and shapes the cell, and helps to organize its internal components. The cytoskeleton also plays an important role in cell movement and division.	cytoskeleton	Using a social science analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	ht	social science	0
The cytoskeleton analogy would be to think of the cell as a city. The nucleus would be the downtown area and all of the organelles would be the different neighborhoods. The cytoskeleton would be like the roads and highways that connect everything together.	cytoskeleton	Using a social science analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	ht	social science	1
ATP is like the currency of social interactions. Just as money is needed to buy goods and services, ATP is necessary for cells to carry out their metabolic processes. Cells produce ATP through a variety of pathways, including glycolysis, the citric acid cycle, and oxidative phosphorylation. The amount of ATP available in a cell determines its ability to interact with other cells or molecules.	atp	Using a social science analogy, explain atp.	ht	social science	1
Atp is the currency of energy in cells. It is produced by the mitochondria as a result of cellular respiration, and is used to power virtually all cellular processes.	atp	Using a social science analogy, explain atp.	ht	social science	0
Atp is like the currency of the social sciences. Just as money facilitates transactions in the physical world, atp enables communication and collaboration among social scientists. It allows researchers to share data, ideas, and insights with one another, making it possible for them to build on each other's work and advance our understanding of human behavior.	atp	Using a social science analogy, explain atp.	ht	social science	1
NADPH is the social science equivalent of an index fund. It is a broad investment that captures a wide swath of the market. In this analogy, NADPH would represent all of the different types of proteins in a cell, while an index fund would represent all of the stocks on Wall Street.	nadph	Using a social science analogy, explain nadph.	ht	social science	1
NADPH is like the fuel that powers a car. It helps cells turn glucose into energy, which is necessary for all cellular activity.	nadph	Using a social science analogy, explain nadph.	ht	social science	1
Nadph is a cofactor found in the cytochrome c oxidase complex of the electron transport chain. It is responsible for transporting electrons from nadh to oxygen, and it helps generate adp from atp.	nadph	Using a social science analogy, explain nadph.	ht	social science	0
Peroxysomes are like a small city within the cell. They have their own mayor, police force, and garbage collectors. Their primary job is to break down fatty acids into molecules that the cell can use for energy.	peroxysome	Using a social science analogy, explain peroxysome.	ht	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like the cells of a social science community. They take in nutrients, break them down, and use the energy to create new molecules that the cell needs. In addition, they act as the "recycling plant" for the cell by breaking down old or damaged molecules and components so that they can be reused or eliminated.	peroxysome	Using a social science analogy, explain peroxysome.	ht	social science	1
Peroxysomes are like the cells of a city. Just as each cell in a city has specific functions, so do peroxysomes. Peroxysomes are responsible for detoxifying the cell by breaking down toxins and clearing out waste products.	peroxysome	Using a social science analogy, explain peroxysome.	ht	social science	1
Mytochondria are the "organelles" in cells that produce energy. In social science, this would be analogous to the production of energy (or money) in a society. Mytochondria are necessary for the cell to function properly and produce what it needs. In a similar way, societies need some sort of mechanism to generate wealth so that its citizens can live prosperous lives.	mytochondria	Using a social science analogy, explain mytochondria.	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria are often compared to small batteries inside the cells of our bodies. Just like a battery, mitochondria take in energy from the environment and use it to power cellular activities.	mytochondria	Using a social science analogy, explain mytochondria.	ht	social science	1
Myochondria are like small towns in a social science analogy. They are the smallest unit of organization and they each have their own mayor, who is responsible for making decisions for the town. The residents of each town are responsible for taking care of their own needs and working together to achieve common goals.	mytochondria	Using a social science analogy, explain mytochondria.	ht	social science	1
Electric forces are like the attraction between two magnets. They both have a force that pulls them together.	electric forces	Using a social science analogy, explain electric forces.	ht	social science	1
Electric forces are like the "social pressure" that exists between people in a society. Just as people are attracted to others because of the social pressure, electric charges are attracted to each other because of the electric force.	electric forces	Using a social science analogy, explain electric forces.	ht	social science	1
Electric forces are similar to gravitational forces in that they are both attractive and long-range. Electric forces arise from the exchange of virtual particles (called photons) between charged particles. Like gravity, electric force diminishes as the square of the distance between charges increases.	electric forces	Using a social science analogy, explain electric forces.	ht	social science	1
Just as people in different parts of a country have different cultures, atoms have regions around them where the electron density is higher or lower. These regions are called orbitals, and they can be thought of as resembling the different states in which people live. Just as some states are more rural than others, some orbitals are more rural than others. Just as some states are more urban than others, some orbitals are more urban than others. And just as people from different states interact with one another in unique ways, electrons from different orbitals interact with each other in unique ways.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a social science analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	ht	social science	1
A hydrogen electron orbital is a bit like people in a large crowd at a sports game. The people are all packed together in the stands, and each person has their own area (or orbital) where they are standing. Some people are standing close to the center of the group, while others are standing further away from the center. But overall, everyone is packed together pretty closely.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a social science analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of an electron's orbital is as a social group. Just like people in a social group interact with each other, electrons within an orbital interact with each other. The strength of the interaction depends on how close the electrons are to each other.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a social science analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	ht	social science	1
The first line of defense in the body is the skin. The skin is a barrier that keeps bacteria and other foreign objects from entering the body.	first line of defense in the body	Using a social science analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	ht	social science	0
The first line of defense in the body is analogous to the police force in a city. They are responsible for patrolling the borders and keeping out intruders. Similarly, the immune system patrols the body's borders and fights off any pathogens that try to enter.	first line of defense in the body	Using a social science analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	ht	social science	1
The body's first line of defense is the skin. The skin is a barrier that helps keep harmful substances out of the body. It also helps to regulate temperature and fluid balance.	first line of defense in the body	Using a social science analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	ht	social science	0
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They clean up debris and damaged cells, helping to keep the body healthy.	macrophages	Using a social science analogy, explain macrophages.	ht	social science	1
Macrophages are like janitors in the body. They clean up debris and dead cells.	macrophages	Using a social science analogy, explain macrophages.	ht	social science	1
Macrophages are the police of the immune system. They patrol the body for anything that doesn't belong there - like bacteria, viruses, or other cells that are damaged or cancerous. Once they identify something as a threat, they attack and destroy it.	macrophages	Using a social science analogy, explain macrophages.	ht	social science	0
T-helper cells are like the police officers of the immune system. They help to identify and fight off any threats to the body.	t-helper cells	Using a social science analogy, explain t-helper cells.	ht	social science	1
A t-helper cell is a type of white blood cell that helps the body's immune system fight infection and disease. T-helper cells are produced in the thymus gland, and they play a vital role in the immune response by activating other white blood cells to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Using a social science analogy, explain t-helper cells.	ht	social science	0
T-helper cells are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and identify potential threats, such as viruses or bacteria. Once they have identified a threat, they activate other cells in the immune system to destroy it.	t-helper cells	Using a social science analogy, explain t-helper cells.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like scientists who study the effects of different vaccines on the human body. They help to develop immunity against diseases and infections.	b-lymphocytes	Using a social science analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like detectives in the immune system. They circulate through the body, searching for evidence of infection. When they find something suspicious, they produce antibodies to fight the infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using a social science analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	ht	social science	1
B-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body for signs of infection or other problems, and when they find something, they take action to correct it.	b-lymphocytes	Using a social science analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and identify cells that do not belong there, such as cancer cells or viruses. Once they have identified a cell as being harmful, they destroy it.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a social science analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are a type of white blood cell that play an important role in the immune system by helping to destroy cells that are infected or have been damaged. Like all white blood cells, cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are produced in the bone marrow and then circulate through the body looking for specific targets. Once they find a target, they release chemicals that damage or kill the cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a social science analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like snipers. They are able to identify and destroy specific cells that are infected or cancerous.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a social science analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	ht	social science	1
When a bacterium invades the body, it is often likened to an invading army. The bacteria can spread quickly and cause serious damage if not treated promptly. Just as in a military invasion, the bacteria can take over key areas of the body and disrupt normal functioning. In addition, like soldiers in an invasion, some types of bacteria are equipped with weapons that can cause serious harm.	invasion of bacterias	Using a social science analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy would be to think of the bacterias as an invading army. The bacteria can spread quickly and can be difficult to get rid of. Just like in any war, there are different strategies that can be used to fight against the bacteria. Sometimes the bacteria can be defeated with antibiotics, while other times the best strategy might be to use natural methods such as boosting your immune system.	invasion of bacterias	Using a social science analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for the invasion of bacterias would be the spread of a virus. Just as a virus can quickly infect many people in a short period of time, so too can bacteria invade and take over an area very quickly. In both cases, the invading force is able to thrive because it takes advantage of the vulnerability of its hosts.	invasion of bacterias	Using a social science analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	ht	social science	1
Action potential is like a wave of electricity that travels down an axon. This wave can be thought of as a sudden increase in the voltage of the neuron. The action potential is caused by the opening and closing of voltage-gated ion channels, which allow sodium ions to flow into the neuron and potassium ions to flow out.	action potential	Using a social science analogy, explain action potential.	ht	social science	1
Action potentials are what allow communication between neurons. They are created when an electrical current passes through a neuron, and they propagate down the axon of the neuron. This allows for messages to be sent from one part of the brain to another.	action potential	Using a social science analogy, explain action potential.	ht	social science	0
Action potential is like a wave of electricity that travels down an axon. This wave can cause the release of neurotransmitters from the neuron, which then activates receptors on other neurons.	action potential	Using a social science analogy, explain action potential.	ht	social science	1
In chromatography, a solvent is used to dissolve the mixture being analyzed. The solution is then poured onto a stationary phase, which can be either solid or liquid. The mobile phase (the liquid or gas) is then passed over the stationary phase, causing the different compounds in the mixture to move at different speeds. This allows each compound to be separated from the others and ultimately identified.	experiment of chromatography	Using a social science analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	ht	social science	0
To explain the experiment of chromatography using a social science analogy, imagine a room filled with people of different ages, genders, races, and religions. Now imagine that you are handed a sheet of paper with all of these people's names on it. This is your "chromatogram." Next, you are asked to separate the people into two groups: young and old. How would you go about doing this? Well, one way would be to examine each name and place everyone under the age of 30 in one group and everyone over the age of 30 in another group. However, there is no right or wrong answer - it depends on your personal preferences and biases. Another approach might be to divide the room into thirds - grouping all of the young people together, all of the middle-aged people together, and all of the older people together. Again, there is no correct method - it's up to you how you want to categorize them. The important thing is that once you have separated them into two or more groups, you can then start examining their individual characteristics (e.g., age, gender, race) in order to understand how they differ from one another.	experiment of chromatography	Using a social science analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	ht	social science	1
Chromatography is a technique that is used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed on a strip of paper and then it is passed through a solvent. The different components of the mixture will move at different speeds through the solvent and they will be separated on the paper.	experiment of chromatography	Using a social science analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	ht	social science	0
A star's main-sequence lifetime is determined by its initial mass. The more massive a star, the shorter its main-sequence lifetime. Low-mass stars like our sun have long main-sequence lifetimes because they burn hydrogen slowly. High-mass stars consume their fuel much more quickly and exhaust their nuclear reserves in just a few million years. As these high-mass stars run out of energy, they collapse under their own weight to form dense objects called black holes.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a social science analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	ht	social science	0
Stars spend most of their lives on the main sequence, a period of time in which they fuse hydrogen into helium. This process creates energy that makes the star shine. The amount of time a star spends on the main sequence depends on its mass; the more massive a star is, the shorter its lifetime. When all the hydrogen in a star's core has been used up, it moves off the main sequence and enters another stage of life.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a social science analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	ht	social science	0
Stars are much like people in that they have a lifespan. The main sequence lifetime of a star is the length of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core to create energy. A star will spend most of its life on the main sequence, and once it runs out of hydrogen fuel, it will move off of the main sequence and die.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a social science analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	ht	social science	1
A nucleus is the center of an atom. It has a positive charge and contains protons and neutrons. The electrons orbit around the nucleus in shells.	nucleus	Using a social science analogy, explain nucleus.	ht	social science	0
Nucleus can be thought of as the brain of a social group. It is the central location where all important decisions are made and information is processed. The nucleus is also responsible for maintaining order within the group and ensuring that its members adhere to its rules and norms.	nucleus	Using a social science analogy, explain nucleus.	ht	social science	1
A nucleus is like the brain of a cell. It contains the genetic information that cells need to function, and it directs all the activities of the cell.	nucleus	Using a social science analogy, explain nucleus.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories in a city. They take the raw materials that come into the city and turn it into products that people use. Ribosomes do this by reading instructions from DNA, which is like the blueprint for making a product.	ribosomes	Using a social science analogy, explain ribosomes.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are the cells' protein factories. They are made up of RNA and proteins, and they play a critical role in translating the genetic code into proteins. Ribosomes can be found in all living cells, and they vary in size depending on the organism.	ribosomes	Using a social science analogy, explain ribosomes.	ht	social science	0
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They produce all of the proteins that the cell needs to function.	ribosomes	Using a social science analogy, explain ribosomes.	ht	social science	1
The golgi apparatus performs many functions in the cell, but is most well-known for its role in packaging proteins into secretory vesicles. It does this by first creating a network of protein tubules that reach from the endoplasmic reticulum to the surface of the cell. The proteins passing through this network are modified and sorted according to their destination. Those destined for secretion are packaged into vesicles that bud off from the ends of the tubules.	golgi apparatus	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	ht	social science	0
Golgi apparatus is a structure in cells that helps to process and package proteins for transport within the cell. It is analogous to a factory or warehouse, where raw materials are processed and packaged into finished products for shipping.	golgi apparatus	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	ht	social science	1
A Golgi apparatus is a key organelle in cells that helps to process and package proteins for transport from the cell body. It is named after its Italian discoverer, Camillo Golgi. The organelle consists of a series of flattened, membrane-enclosed sacs and vesicles that collect proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER). The proteins are modified and then sorted into appropriate packages for secretion or storage.	golgi apparatus	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	ht	social science	0
Lysosomes are like the digestive system of a cell. They break down large molecules into smaller pieces that can be used by the cell.	lysosomes	Using a social science analogy, explain lysosomes.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the digestive system of a cell. They break down and recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids.	lysosomes	Using a social science analogy, explain lysosomes.	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the digestive system of a cell. They digest and recycle cellular components, including proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. Lysosomes also play a role in apoptosis (programmed cell death).	lysosomes	Using a social science analogy, explain lysosomes.	ht	social science	1
The nuclear envelope is like the skin of a cell. It surrounds the nucleus and helps to protect it. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, called the outer membrane and the inner membrane.	nuclear envelope	Using a social science analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	ht	social science	1
The nuclear envelope is like the skin of a cell. It surrounds and separates the nucleus from the rest of the cell. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, each with a layer of protein.	nuclear envelope	Using a social science analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	ht	social science	1
The nuclear envelope is like a social scientist's laboratory. It contains the cells' genetic information (like the lab's test tubes and beakers) and controls what enters and leaves the cell (like the scientists who monitor what goes in and out of the lab).	nuclear envelope	Using a social science analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	ht	social science	1
In social science, a vacuole is an empty space within a group of people. It can be used to describe how someone feels when they're not part of the group or when they feel left out.	vacuoles	Using a social science analogy, explain vacuoles.	ht	social science	0
The vacuoles are like little bubbles that float around in the cytoplasm of a cell. They are basically just empty spaces, and they can be used to store things like food or water.	vacuoles	Using a social science analogy, explain vacuoles.	ht	social science	0
A vacuole is a membrane-bound organelle that is present in the cytoplasm of all plant and animal cells. Vacuoles are essentially storage tanks that can be filled with water, ions, or other molecules. In plants, vacuoles often play an important role in photosynthesis and cell growth.	vacuoles	Using a social science analogy, explain vacuoles.	ht	social science	0
Cytoplasm is the life blood of a cell. It surrounds and supports the nucleus, providing it with essential nutrients and oxygen. Cytoplasm also contains enzymes that help to carry out cellular functions.	cytoplasm	Using a social science analogy, explain cytoplasm.	ht	social science	0
Cytoplasm is the "social glue" that holds cells together. It is a sticky, organic material that contains enzymes and other proteins that allow cells to function. Cytoplasm also helps to distribute nutrients and oxygen throughout the cell.	cytoplasm	Using a social science analogy, explain cytoplasm.	ht	social science	0
Cytoplasm is to cells what plasma is to blood. Cytoplasm is the viscous, semitransparent fluid that fills the cell and contains its organelles.	cytoplasm	Using a social science analogy, explain cytoplasm.	ht	social science	0
Chromosomes are like folders in a file cabinet. They store the genetic information for an organism.	chromosome	Using a social science analogy, explain chromosome.	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes are like a book of genetic information. Each chromosome has many genes, which are like chapters in the book. The order of the genes on a chromosome is like the order of the chapters in a book.	chromosome	Using a social science analogy, explain chromosome.	ht	social science	1
A chromosome is analogous to a single gene. Chromosomes are made up of DNA, which contains the genetic information necessary for the development and functioning of an organism.	chromosome	Using a social science analogy, explain chromosome.	ht	social science	1
Cytosol can be thought of as the "social network" within a cell. It is responsible for communicating with other parts of the cell, and facilitating the movement of molecules and proteins around the cell.	cytosol	Using a social science analogy, explain cytosol.	ht	social science	1
The cytosol is the liquid within a cell that contains the cells organelles and other structures. It is like the water in a fish tank that contains the fish, plants, and other decorations.	cytosol	Using a social science analogy, explain cytosol.	ht	social science	1
The cytosol is like the water in a lake. It surrounds all of the cells' organelles and provides them with nutrients and oxygen. The cytosol also helps to remove waste from the cell.	cytosol	Using a social science analogy, explain cytosol.	ht	social science	1
A cell is a living unit that makes up all organisms on Earth. Cells are the smallest form of life and are made up of organelles, which are like mini organs, that allow the cell to function correctly.	cell	Using a social science analogy, explain cell.	ht	social science	0
A cell is like an individual in a society. It has its own unique set of characteristics and functions, but it also interacts with other cells to form a larger whole.	cell	Using a social science analogy, explain cell.	ht	social science	1
A cell is like a small society. It has a leader (the nucleus), it has workers who carry out the orders of the leaders (ribosomes), and it has consumers who depend on the work of the workers for their survival (mitochondria). The cells also communicate with each other, exchanging information and working together to complete tasks.	cell	Using a social science analogy, explain cell.	ht	social science	1
A vesicle is a small sac-like structure within a cell that is used to store and transport cellular materials. Vesicles are formed when the cell membrane pinches off a small section of the cytoplasm. The contents of the vesicle can be released by fusing the vesicle with the plasma membrane or by breaking open the vesicle.	vesicles	Using a social science analogy, explain vesicles.	ht	social science	0
The analogy would be that vesicles are like small towns or villages. They are relatively autonomous, although they may rely on the larger city for some things. They have their own mayor, and maybe a few other officials. The people in the vesicle mostly govern themselves, but they also interact with the people in other vesicles and the people in the city.	vesicles	Using a social science analogy, explain vesicles.	ht	social science	1
Vesicles are like the cells of a social science organization. Just as cells are the smallest unit of life in the body, vesicles are the smallest unit of life in an organization. Cells come together to form organs, which come together to form systems; similarly, vesicles come together to form organelles, which come together to form macromolecules.	vesicles	Using a social science analogy, explain vesicles.	ht	social science	1
A cell wall is like the security fence around a prison. It is made of strong materials that keep things out (or in). The cell wall surrounds the cells and helps protect them from things like bacteria and other invaders.	cell wall	Using a social science analogy, explain cell wall.	ht	social science	1
Cell walls are like the fences in a neighborhood. They keep things in and they keep things out. In this analogy, the cells are the homes and the cell wall is like the fence around the neighborhood. The cell wall keeps things in (like water and nutrients) and it also keeps things out (like bacteria and other invaders).	cell wall	Using a social science analogy, explain cell wall.	ht	social science	1
The cell wall is like a fence that surrounds the cells and keeps them from interacting with each other. It also helps to protect the cells from outside forces.	cell wall	Using a social science analogy, explain cell wall.	ht	social science	1
Cells are the smallest unit of life. They are like the individual people in a society. Each cell has its own unique identity and purpose within the larger organism. Cells work together to create tissues and organs that allow the organism to function as a whole.	cells	Using a social science analogy, explain cells.	ht	social science	1
Cells are like small towns in a country. Each town has its own mayor, who is responsible for the well-being of the townspeople. The cells in our bodies have a similar organization: each cell has a nucleus, which is responsible for the well-being of the cell and its contents.	cells	Using a social science analogy, explain cells.	ht	social science	1
Cells are the smallest unit of life. Just as in a society, cells have a variety of functions that allow them to work together for the good of the group. Cells produce energy, get rid of waste, protect themselves from invaders, and reproduce.	cells	Using a social science analogy, explain cells.	ht	social science	1
The cell membrane is like a fence that surrounds the cells and helps protect them from outside invaders. It also controls what goes in and out of the cell, allowing important nutrients to enter while keeping toxins and waste products out. The cell membrane is made up of two layers of fatty molecules called phospholipids, with proteins embedded in them. This creates a selective barrier that allows some substances to cross while preventing others from passing through.	cell membrane	Using a social science analogy, explain cell membrane.	ht	social science	1
A cell membrane is like a fence around a yard. The fence keeps things in (like the grass and flowers) and keeps things out (like dogs, cats, and other animals). The cell membrane does the same thing for cells. It keeps important things in (like nutrients and oxygen) and keeps bad things out (like bacteria and waste products).	cell membrane	Using a social science analogy, explain cell membrane.	ht	social science	1
A cell membrane is like a fence. It keeps things in (like the cells inside our bodies) and it keeps things out (like bacteria).	cell membrane	Using a social science analogy, explain cell membrane.	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle found in the cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells. It was first described by Camillo Golgi and named after him in 1898. The main function of the Golgi apparatus is to process and package proteins and lipids for transport within the cell, or export from the cell.	golgi body	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi body.	ht	social science	0
The Golgi body is a bit like the post office in your town. It receives packages from all over (the cell) and sorts them into different mailboxes for delivery to their proper destination. The Golgi also processes and prepares the packages for shipping, adding things like stamps and addresses.	golgi body	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi body.	ht	social science	1
A Golgi body is a cellular organelle which processes and packages proteins for transport within the cell. It does this by first synthesizing proteins in the rough endoplasmic reticulum, then transporting them to the cis-Golgi network. From here, specific proteins are selected and packaged into vesicles which bud off from the membrane of the Golgi body and travel to their destination within or outside of the cell.	golgi body	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi body.	ht	social science	0
Capacitance is a measure of how much electric charge can be stored on a capacitor. The capacitance of a capacitor is measured in Farads, and it depends on the size of the plates, the distance between them, and the type of dielectric material separating them.	capacitance	Using a social science analogy, explain capacitance.	ht	social science	0
A capacitor is a device that stores energy in an electric field. It does this by taking two metal plates and separating them with an insulating material. When you connect the battery to the capacitor, it starts to charge up. The more voltage you put on the capacitor, the more energy it will store.	capacitance	Using a social science analogy, explain capacitance.	ht	social science	0
A capacitor is like a container of water. The more water there is in the container, the higher the capacitance.	capacitance	Using a social science analogy, explain capacitance.	ht	social science	1
Electric current is similar to the flow of water in a river. Just as the water flows downhill and takes the path of least resistance, electric current flows through wires in the same way. The higher the voltage, or electrical pressure, the faster the current will flow.	electric current	Using a social science analogy, explain electric current.	ht	social science	1
Electric current is like a river of electrons flowing through a wire. It can be used to power lights and appliances, or it can be stored in batteries to provide electrical power later on.	electric current	Using a social science analogy, explain electric current.	ht	social science	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity. It flows from the power source, through the wires and into the appliance or device. The higher the voltage of the power source, the faster and more powerful the current will be.	electric current	Using a social science analogy, explain electric current.	ht	social science	1
Voltage is the potential difference between two points in an electrical circuit. It is a measure of how much work can be done per unit of charge that flows through the circuit.	voltage	Using a social science analogy, explain voltage.	ht	social science	0
Voltage is the electrical pressure that causes current to flow. Voltage (measured in volts) is what makes currents flow through wires, and it can be likened to water pressure in a hose. The greater the voltage, the more powerful the current.	voltage	Using a social science analogy, explain voltage.	ht	social science	1
Voltage is a measure of the potential difference between two points in an electric field. It is analogous to water pressure, which is a measure of the potential energy per unit volume at any given point in a fluid. Just as higher water pressure can move more water through a pipe, so too can higher voltage drive more current through an electrical conductor.	voltage	Using a social science analogy, explain voltage.	ht	social science	1
A cell is like a small society, with many people working together for the benefit of the whole. Each person in the cell has a specific job to do, and they all specialize in that area. For example, some cells have specialists who create new proteins, while others have experts who manage energy production or recycling. In order for the cell to function properly, everyone needs to be able to communicate effectively. This means that messages need to be passed quickly and accurately from one part of the cell to another.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a social science analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	ht	social science	1
In a social science analogy, communication in a cell would be similar to the way people communicate with each other. Cells have specialized areas that allow them to communicate with each other and carry out specific tasks. just as people have different specialties (e.g., doctors, nurses, police officers), cells also have specialized areas that allow them to carry out specific tasks. For example, cells in the brain are responsible for processing information, while cells in the heart are responsible for pumping blood.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a social science analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	ht	social science	1
In a cell, specialization is when different parts of the cell do different things in order to keep the cell alive. Communication happens when different cells talk to each other in order to share information and coordinate their activities.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a social science analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	ht	social science	0
Kirchhoff's voltage law is similar to the conservation of energy principle in physics. Just as energy is neither created nor destroyed, but simply transferred or transformed, so too is electrical potential (voltage). The sum of all voltages around a closed loop must be zero. This means that the voltage at any given point in a circuit is equal to the sum of the individual voltages of all the components in series with that point, minus any voltage drops across resistors.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a social science analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	ht	social science	1
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the algebraic sum of all voltages in a loop is zero. This means that the total voltage around a closed loop is always 0.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a social science analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	ht	social science	0
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of all voltages around a closed loop is zero. This means that the total voltage in a circuit must be equal to the sum of the individual voltages at each point in the circuit.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a social science analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	ht	social science	0
A density wave is an oscillation of matter in a medium. It can be thought of as similar to a sound wave, which is an oscillation of air pressure. In the same way that a sound wave travels through the air, a density wave travels through a medium.	nature of a density wave	Using a social science analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	ht	social science	1
A density wave is a physical phenomenon that occurs when something disturbs the regular flow of particles in a medium. For example, imagine you are walking through a crowd of people. As you move forward, the people around you will be pushed aside by your movement. This creates a density wave that travels through the crowd as people are displaced from their original positions.	nature of a density wave	Using a social science analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	ht	social science	1
A density wave is a ripple of particles or energy that travels through a medium. It can be compared to the way sound waves travel through air, or the way water waves ripple across the surface of a pond. Density waves are created when something disturbs the equilibrium of a system. For example, when you drop a rock into a pool of water, it creates ripples that spread out in all directions. The same thing happens when an object moves through gas or liquid; it causes irregularities in the surrounding material which then propagate as waves.	nature of a density wave	Using a social science analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like the workers in a factory. They are responsible for converting raw materials into products. In the case of enzymes, they convert proteins into other proteins, fats into other fats, and starches into other starches.	enzymes	Using a social science analogy, explain enzymes.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like the “worker bees” of our body. They are responsible for all of the chemical reactions that occur in our cells. Enzymes can be found in all tissues of the body, and they play a role in many different processes, including digestion, energy production, and cell repair.	enzymes	Using a social science analogy, explain enzymes.	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are proteins that catalyze biochemical reactions. They are important in the body for breaking down food, producing energy, and repairing tissue. Enzymes can be found in all living things, from bacteria to humans.	enzymes	Using a social science analogy, explain enzymes.	ht	social science	0
The human active memory system can be likened to a computer's random access memory (RAM). RAM is where the computer loads and stores the programs and data that are being used at any given time. The more RAM a computer has, the more programs and data it can store at once. Similarly, the more storage space in our active memory, the more information we can keep in mind simultaneously. Just as a computer needs an operating system to run its applications, our brain needs a framework or organization for the information it is trying to remember. This framework is provided by our long-term memory.	human active memory system	Using a social science analogy, explain human active memory system.	ht	social science	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as a library. The library has many books, and each book is kept in a specific place. To find a particular book, you need to know where it is located. The same is true for memories; you need to know where they are stored in order to access them.	human active memory system	Using a social science analogy, explain human active memory system.	ht	social science	1
The human active memory system is like a computer. It can store and process information. However, unlike a computer, the human active memory system also has the ability to create and use connections between different pieces of information. These connections help us remember things better and make it easier to learn new things.	human active memory system	Using a social science analogy, explain human active memory system.	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. This step determines how quickly the entire reaction occurs.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a social science analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	ht	social science	0
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. This is because the reactants need to collide with each other in order to form the product. The faster the steps leading up to this collision, the more likely it is that the reaction will happen.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a social science analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	ht	social science	0
The rate-determining step is the slowest step in a reaction. The rate of the reaction is determined by how fast this step can occur.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a social science analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	ht	social science	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate compounds in a mixture. The compounds are placed in a column and then a solvent is added. The solvent will move up the column and carry the compounds with it. The compounds will be separated based on their size, shape, and polarity.	column chromatography	Using a social science analogy, explain column chromatography.	ht	social science	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate complex mixtures into their individual chemical components. The mixture is placed in a column and a solvent is allowed to flow through it. The different compounds in the mixture are dissolved at different rates, so they move through the column at different speeds. The faster-dissolving compounds exit the column first, while the slower-dissolving compounds exit later. This allows the chemist to isolate each compound from the mixture.	column chromatography	Using a social science analogy, explain column chromatography.	ht	social science	0
Column chromatography is the process of separating a mixture into its component parts by passing it through a long, thin tube packed with material that selectively adsorbs (attaches to) one or more of the mixture's components. The different components are then eluted (extracted) from the column in order of their relative affinity for the adsorbent.	column chromatography	Using a social science analogy, explain column chromatography.	ht	social science	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is similar to a social group in which all of the members are interacting with each other. In equilibrium, the system is stable and no changes occur. However, in dynamic equilibrium, the system is always changing as the members interact with each other.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a social science analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	ht	social science	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a social group that is constantly in flux. Members come and go, and the makeup of the group changes over time. However, despite all of the change, the group still maintains its overall identity. The same can be said for chemicals in a dynamic equilibrium; they are always changing, but their composition remains relatively stable.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a social science analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for dynamic chemical equilibrium would be a group of people who are constantly interacting with each other. The balance between the different groups is always changing, but at any given time there is a state of equilibrium where the different groups are in balance.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a social science analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is like a small town in the social sciences. It has its own set of rules and regulations that govern how people interact with each other within it. The town has a mayor, who oversees everything that goes on within it, as well as a police force to enforce the rules. The vacuole also has businesses, which allow the residents of the vacuole to buy and sell products and services.	vacuole	Using a social science analogy, explain vacuole.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is like a small town in a social science analogy. It has a mayor, people who live there, and businesses that operate there. The vacuole's mayor is the protein called Vacuolar Protein Sorting-8 (Vps8). The people who live in the vacuole are called vesicles and they transport things around in the vacuole. The businesses in the vacuum are called lysosomes and they break down things to get energy for the cell.	vacuole	Using a social science analogy, explain vacuole.	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is like a social scientist's lab. It is a place where things can be studied and experimented on in a controlled setting.	vacuole	Using a social science analogy, explain vacuole.	ht	social science	1
In the social sciences, transportation vesicles are like small buses that carry people from one area to another. They help facilitate the movement of people and goods between different locations. In biology, transportation vesicles are similar to small buses that carry proteins and other molecules between different parts of a cell. They help to move proteins and other molecules around the cell, which helps the cell function properly.	transport vesicles	Using a social science analogy, explain transport vesicles.	ht	social science	1
A possible analogy for transport vesicles would be cars on a highway. The cars are the transport vesicles and the highway is the cell membrane. The cars are able to move around on the highway, and they can carry things with them. Just like how a car can carry people or goods, a transport vesicle can carry proteins or other molecules within the cell.	transport vesicles	Using a social science analogy, explain transport vesicles.	ht	social science	1
Transport vesicles are like cars that transport things around the city. The nucleus is the city center, and the chromosomes are the passengers in the car. The DNA is what tells the car where to go and what to pick up along the way.	transport vesicles	Using a social science analogy, explain transport vesicles.	ht	social science	1
A proto-oncogene is a gene that can become an oncogene. Oncogenes are genes that promote tumor growth.	proto-oncogenes	Using a social science analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	ht	social science	0
In social science, a proto-oncogene is a gene that has the potential to become an oncogene. An oncogene is a gene that can cause cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using a social science analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	ht	social science	0
Proto-oncogenes are like the early warning signs of cancer. They are genes that can become tumor suppressors or oncogenes, depending on how they are used by the cells. Proto-oncogenes can be turned into oncogenes if something goes wrong and they start to produce too much protein.	proto-oncogenes	Using a social science analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	ht	social science	1
Oncogenes are like a virus that can potentially cause cancer. They are genes that have the potential to transform normal cells into cancer cells.	oncogenes	Using a social science analogy, explain oncogenes.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for oncogenes would be like a virus that is spreading in a population. Oncogenes are like the virus, and they can cause cancer cells to grow and spread.	oncogenes	Using a social science analogy, explain oncogenes.	ht	social science	1
Oncogenes are like cigarettes. They are not the only thing that can cause cancer, but they increase the risk of getting cancer.	oncogenes	Using a social science analogy, explain oncogenes.	ht	social science	1
A tumor suppressor gene is a gene that helps to prevent the development of tumors. This gene produces a protein that helps to keep cells from growing and dividing too rapidly. If this gene is mutated or deleted, it can lead to the development of tumors.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a social science analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	ht	social science	0
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police of the cell. They patrol and monitor the DNA for errors, and when they find them, they fix them. If tumor suppressor genes are not working properly, it can allow cancerous cells to grow unchecked.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a social science analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	ht	social science	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police of the body. They keep cells from growing and dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way, which can lead to cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a social science analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	ht	social science	1
One way to think of brittle software is as a house of cards. If you disturb one card, the whole thing falls down. Brittle software is also vulnerable to changes in its environment. For example, if the operating system on which it runs changes, or if the hardware it uses is replaced, the software may no longer work properly.	brittle software	Using a social science analogy, explain brittle software.	ht	social science	1
Brittle software is like a dry twig. It snaps easily and cannot withstand much pressure or stress before breaking. This type of software is not very reliable and often fails when it is needed the most.	brittle software	Using a social science analogy, explain brittle software.	ht	social science	1
Brittle software is software that breaks easily. It can be caused by many things, such as a change in the environment, a new version of the software, or changes to the hardware on which it runs.	brittle software	Using a social science analogy, explain brittle software.	ht	social science	0
A resonance hybrid is like when two people who are attracted to each other come together and their energies resonate with each other. It's a powerful force that can create a lot of positive change in both people's lives.	resonance hybrid	Using a social science analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	ht	social science	1
A resonance hybrid is a molecule formed from two or more atoms that have been joined together by covalent bonds. The atoms in a resonance hybrid are held together by delocalized electrons, which circulate around the atom-pairs in such a way that the whole molecule has an overall lower energy than any of the individual atomic species would have.	resonance hybrid	Using a social science analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	ht	social science	0
A resonance hybrid is a molecule formed when two or more different atomic orbitals on different atoms overlap and combine to form a new set of atomic orbitals.	resonance hybrid	Using a social science analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	ht	social science	0
A wave mechanical model is like a social network. It consists of nodes (or people) and edges (or relationships between the nodes). The waves represent how information travels through the network. In a social network, information can travel quickly from one person to another if they are connected by a strong edge. However, if there are no strong edges connecting two people, the information will travel more slowly.	wave mechanical model	Using a social science analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	ht	social science	1
The wave mechanical model is similar to a group of people standing in line at a movie theater. The people are the waves and the line is the space between them. As each new person arrives, they stand behind the last person in line. This represents how each wave builds on top of the previous one.	wave mechanical model	Using a social science analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	ht	social science	1
A wave mechanical model is used to describe the behavior of a particle in a periodic potential. In this model, the position of the particle is described by a wavefunction, which oscillates with time. The amplitude and phase of the wavefunction are determined by the potential energy at each point in space.	wave mechanical model	Using a social science analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	ht	social science	0
A social science analogy for an electroencephalogram would be like taking the temperature of a large group of people to get a sense for the overall climate. An EEG is used to measure and record the electrical activity in your brain. It can help doctors diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures or tumors.	electroencephalogram	Using a social science analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	ht	social science	1
EEG is a measure of the electrical activity of the brain. It can be used to detect abnormalities in brain function, such as seizures.	electroencephalogram	Using a social science analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	ht	social science	0
An electroencephalogram is like a group of people sitting in a room talking. Each person's conversation can be heard, but it is difficult to make out what any one person is saying without being right next to them. Similarly, the EEG measures the electrical activity of the brain, and different parts of the brain will produce different signals. However, it is difficult to determine what any one signal means without knowing specifically which part of the brain produced it.	electroencephalogram	Using a social science analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication can be thought of as a photocopier. The DNA molecule is the original document, and each time the photocopier makes a copy, it produces an exact replica. This process occurs during cell division, so that each new cell has an exact copy of the DNA molecule.	dna replication	Using a social science analogy, explain dna replication.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication is similar to photocopying a document. The DNA molecule is the original document, and each time it replicates, it produces two copies - just like when you make a copy of a document on your photocopier.	dna replication	Using a social science analogy, explain dna replication.	ht	social science	1
DNA replication is similar to the process of photocopying a document. The DNA molecule is like the original document, and the copies are the photocopies. During replication, the two strands of DNA that make up the molecule separate, and each strand serves as a template for making a new strand. Enzymes called polymerases help to assemble these new strands by matching up pairs of nucleotides (the building blocks of DNA) according to specific instructions provided by the sequence of bases in the template strand.	dna replication	Using a social science analogy, explain dna replication.	ht	social science	1
RNA transcription is the process by which a strand of rna is copied from a dna molecule. This occurs in the nucleus of cells, and the new rna transcript is then exported to the cytoplasm where it can be used to make proteins.	rna transcription	Using a social science analogy, explain rna transcription.	ht	social science	0
Rna transcription can be thought of as a social science analogy in the following way: rna is like a paper copy of a conversation that has taken place, where the transcription is an accurate record of what was said. Just as importantly, it is also a record of who said it and when. In the same way, rna transcripts helps to keep track of which genes are being expressed (turned on) at any given time.	rna transcription	Using a social science analogy, explain rna transcription.	ht	social science	1
In molecular biology, transcription is the process of copying genetic information from a DNA molecule to a related RNA molecule. During transcription, the DNA double helix is unwound and the hydrogen bonds between complementary base pairs are broken. This exposes single strands of DNA which can be used as templates for building the new RNA strand. Transcription occurs in the cell nucleus, where the enzymes that make RNA are located.	rna transcription	Using a social science analogy, explain rna transcription.	ht	social science	0
Protein translation is the process of creating a protein molecule from an mRNA sequence. The ribosome reads the mRNA and assembles amino acids to form a protein chain.	protein translation	Using a social science analogy, explain protein translation.	ht	social science	0
The process of protein translation is similar to the process of a group of people translating a document from one language to another. The text is first divided up into smaller parts, and then each part is translated by a different person. Once all the parts are translated, they are put back together to create the final product.	protein translation	Using a social science analogy, explain protein translation.	ht	social science	1
Protein translation is a bit like the assembly line of a factory. The individual components that make up the protein (the amino acids) are brought to the production line, and they are put together in the correct order to create the final product (the protein).	protein translation	Using a social science analogy, explain protein translation.	ht	social science	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a social network. It is composed of many different parts (species) that interact with one another to maintain the balance of the system. Like in a social network, each species in an ecosystem has a specific role that contributes to the overall health of the system.	ecosystem	Using a social science analogy, explain ecosystem.	ht	social science	1
The social science analogy for ecosystem would be a community. Just as there are different parts of a community (residents, businesses, government), there are different parts of an ecosystem (plants, animals, soil). Each part has an important role to play in the overall health and function of the community/ecosystem.	ecosystem	Using a social science analogy, explain ecosystem.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for ecosystem would be a human society. Just as there are different parts of a human society (e.g., the government, businesses, citizens), there are different parts of an ecosystem (e.g., plants, animals, air, water). Just as each part of a human society has an important role to play in keeping the whole functioning well, each part of an ecosystem has an important role to play in keeping the whole functioning well.	ecosystem	Using a social science analogy, explain ecosystem.	ht	social science	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron is similar to the propagation of a message through a social network. The action potential starts at the point where the stimulus was applied (the "sender") and travels down the neuron's axon to its terminal buttons. At each junction between two cells, the action potential causes chemicals called neurotransmitters to be released into the space between them. These neurotransmitters travel across the gap and attach themselves to receptors on the next cell, causing that cell to become excited and generate its own action potential. This process continues until the message reaches the end of the neuron, where it is transmitted to muscles or glands.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a social science analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy can help explain how an action potential travels down a neuron. When someone sends a text message, the message is sent through a series of telephone networks until it reaches the recipient's phone. Each network relays the message along and eventually it arrives at the correct phone. Analogously, when an action potential travels down a neuron, it passes through each segment of the neuron in succession. The segments act as relay stations, passing on the signal until it reachs the end of the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a social science analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	ht	social science	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be thought of as the spreading of a rumor down a social network. The initial stimulus (the rumor) is small, but it quickly grows in magnitude as it spreads from person to person. Likewise, the initial electrical pulse (action potential) starts off small, but it rapidly amplifies as it travels down the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a social science analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	ht	social science	1
The breathing mechanism of frogs is very similar to the way humans breathe. Frogs take in air through their nostrils, and then it passes through the throat and into the lungs. From there, the frog expels carbon dioxide and takes in oxygen.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a social science analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	ht	social science	1
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of humans in that they use their lungs to breathe. However, frogs also have a special system called the circulatory lung which allows them to take in oxygen from the water. This system consists of two chambers on either side of the frog's body which can be filled with water when the frog is submerged. When the frog surfaces, it pushes air into these chambers, filling them with oxygen which is then diffused into the rest of the body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a social science analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	ht	social science	1
Just as humans use their lungs to breathe, frogs use their skin to respire. Frogs have a large surface area on their skin and they can unzip their sides to increase the surface area even more. When the frog is in water, it takes in dissolved oxygen from the water through its skin and when it is out of the water, it breathes in air. The frog's heart also helps with respiration by pumping blood throughout its body so that the oxygen can diffuse into tissues.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a social science analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy can be used to explain layered architecture. In a social science setting, like in sociology for example, there are different levels of analysis that can be used to examine a problem or issue. The first level of analysis is the micro level which looks at individuals and small groups. The second level of analysis is the meso level which looks at medium sized groups such as organizations or institutions. And finally, the macro level is the third and highest level of analysis which looks at large scale phenomena and global issues.Just like with social sciences, in computer programming there are different layers of abstraction that allow for more complex systems to be built on top of simpler systems. The lowest layer in this case would be the hardware layer which consists of all the physical components that make up a computer system. On top of that would be the software layer which consists of all the programs and applications that run on a computer system. Finally, there is the user interface layer which allows users to interact with those programs and applications.	layered architecture	Using a social science analogy, explain layered architecture.	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to understand layered architecture is the different layers of an onion. Just like you can peel away the layers of an onion one by one, you can also access different parts of a computer system by accessing its various layers. The lowest layer is the hardware, which consists of the physical components of a computer system such as the Central Processing Unit (CPU), motherboard, and memory. The software layer sits on top of the hardware and includes all the programs that run on a computer, such as Windows or macOS. Finally, there is the user interface (UI) layer, which consists of all the graphical elements that users see and interact with when using a program or operating system. By understanding these three layers, you can better troubleshoot problems with your computer and know where to look for specific information or files.	layered architecture	Using a social science analogy, explain layered architecture.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for layered architecture would be the study of a human society. A sociologist might look at the individual, then family, then neighborhood, city, and country levels to get a better understanding of how humans interact with each other. In the same way, a software engineer might use layered architecture to create an application that is organized in a way that makes it easy to understand and modify. The individual layer might be the user interface, while the family layer could be all of the code necessary to display information on a web page. The neighborhood layer could include code for interacting with a database or retrieving data from another server. The city level could include code for processing input or managing files. And finally the country level could include low-level system functions such as communicating with other applications or devices on the network	layered architecture	Using a social science analogy, explain layered architecture.	ht	social science	1
A limiting reactant is a chemical that limits the amount of product that can be formed in a chemical reaction. The excess reactant is the other chemical present in excess relative to the limiting reactant.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a social science analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	ht	social science	0
In chemistry, a limiting reactant is the reactant in a chemical reaction that determines how much of the product can be formed. The other reactants are called excess reactants. For example, if you have two liters of hydrogen gas and one liter of oxygen gas, and you want to make water vapor, then the hydrogen will be the limiting factor. You can only produce as much water vapor as there are atoms of hydrogen in the mixture.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a social science analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	ht	social science	1
A limiting reactant is the substance that limits the amount of product that can be formed in a chemical reaction. The excess reactant is the substance that remains after the limiting reactant has been used up.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a social science analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	ht	social science	0
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. It has many different parts that work together to keep the cell running. The nucleus is like the mayor, and it controls everything that happens in the cell. The cytoplasm is like the streets, and it's where all of the cells' activities take place. The organelles are like the businesses and buildings in the city, and they carry out specific functions within the cell.	eukaryotic cell	Using a social science analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a large city. It has many different parts that work together to keep the city running. The nucleus is like the mayor, who oversees all of the different parts of the city. The mitochondria are like the power plants, which provide energy to run everything. The cells membrane is like the city walls, which protect and contain everything inside.	eukaryotic cell	Using a social science analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell can be thought of as a small society, with many different types of people (organelles) working together for the good of the group. The nucleus is like the president or CEO, coordinating and organizing the activities of the other organelles. The mitochondria are like the workers, providing energy to keep everything running. The plasma membrane is like the border guard, keeping things in and out of the cell. And so on...	eukaryotic cell	Using a social science analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like an individual who lives in a society. They are both autonomous and rely on others for survival. The prokaryotic cell has many similarities to the human, including DNA, proteins, and ribosomes.	prokaryotic cell	Using a social science analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, independent town. It has all the basic necessities for survival (housing, food, water), but it's not very big and it's limited in its abilities.	prokaryotic cell	Using a social science analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. It has all the basic functions that are necessary for life, such as housing, food production, and waste disposal. However, it is much simpler than a city. There are no theaters, restaurants, or hospitals. The prokaryotic cells found in bacteria are even smaller than this analogy suggests.	prokaryotic cell	Using a social science analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	ht	social science	1
The kernel is the most important component of an operating system because it controls all other aspects of the system. It allocates resources to programs, manages files and directories, and handles communication between hardware and software. The kernel also provides basic security features, such as access control lists.	operating systems kernel	Using a social science analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	ht	social science	0
A kernel is the most basic component of an operating system. It provides low-level services such as process management, memory management, and I/O operations. The kernel also acts as a buffer between applications and the underlying hardware.	operating systems kernel	Using a social science analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	ht	social science	0
An operating system kernel is the most important part of an operating system. It controls all other parts of the system and provides basic services that all other parts of the system rely on.	operating systems kernel	Using a social science analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	ht	social science	0
A limiting reactant is a chemical that determines the amount of a product that can be produced. In a reaction, the limiting reactant is the one that becomes exhausted first and limits the amount of product that can be formed.	limiting reactant	Using a social science analogy, explain limiting reactant.	ht	social science	0
A limiting reactant is a chemical that determines the amount of product that can be produced in a chemical reaction. The other chemicals involved in the reaction are called excess reagents.	limiting reactant	Using a social science analogy, explain limiting reactant.	ht	social science	0
In chemistry, a limiting reactant is the reactant in a chemical reaction that becomes exhausted first. The other reactants then become limiting factors in the reaction. This analogy can be used to describe how social scientists study human behavior. A researcher may begin by studying one variable, such as aggression. However, when that variable is no longer sufficient to explain observed behavior, the researcher must turn to other variables to continue the explanation. These new variables then become the "limiting factors" in the research.	limiting reactant	Using a social science analogy, explain limiting reactant.	ht	social science	1
Helicase is a protein that helps to unwind the double helix strands of DNA so that it can be copied. It does this by binding to one DNA strand and then twisting around the other, like a pair of scissors.	helicase	Using a social science analogy, explain helicase.	ht	social science	0
Helicase is a protein that helps to unzip the two strands of DNA so that the genetic information can be accessed and used.	helicase	Using a social science analogy, explain helicase.	ht	social science	0
Helicase is a enzyme that unwinds DNA, making it easier to copy. It works like a helicoptor, spinning around and uncoiling the DNA strands.	helicase	Using a social science analogy, explain helicase.	ht	social science	0
DNA replication binding proteins are analogous to the scaffolding used by builders. The scaffolding holds up the building while it is under construction, and then it is removed after the construction is complete. Similarly, DNA replication binding proteins attach to DNA during replication and release it when replication is complete.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a social science analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	ht	social science	1
Replication binding proteins are like the glue that holds DNA together. They help to keep the strands of DNA together as they replicate, making replication more accurate and efficient.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a social science analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	ht	social science	1
Dna replication binding proteins are similar to the social science concept of peer pressure. Just as peer pressure can encourage people to do things they may not want to do, dna replication binding proteins help ensure that DNA is accurately copied during replication. These proteins bind to specific sequences on the DNA molecule and help keep it stable while the enzymes involved in replication do their job.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a social science analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	ht	social science	1
In social science, ligase is a term used to describe the process of unifying two or more elements into a single entity. In biology, ligase refers to the enzyme responsible for catalyzing the joining of two DNA strands into one molecule.	ligase	Using a social science analogy, explain ligase.	ht	social science	0
Ligase is a protein that helps join two DNA strands together. It does this by catalyzing the formation of a phosphodiester bond between the 5' phosphate group on one nucleotide and the 3' hydroxyl group on another.	ligase	Using a social science analogy, explain ligase.	ht	social science	0
A ligase is a type of enzyme that helps to join two DNA strands together. It does this by catalyzing the formation of a phosphodiester bond between the 5' carbon atom on one strand and the 3' carbon atom on the other strand. This process is known as ligation.	ligase	Using a social science analogy, explain ligase.	ht	social science	0
Process control block is a tool used in social science research to help researchers understand how different variables interact with one another. It allows researchers to see the relationships between different factors and helps them to identify potential causes for observed effects.	process control block	Using a social science analogy, explain process control block.	ht	social science	0
In process control block, a controller observes the output of a controlled process and compares it to the desired output. If there is a discrepancy, the controller sends signals to actuators that adjust one or more inputs to the process in order to bring the output closer to the desired value.	process control block	Using a social science analogy, explain process control block.	ht	social science	1
Process control block is like a thermostat in your home. It monitors the temperature and makes necessary adjustments to keep it at the desired level. In business, process control block helps ensure consistent quality of products or services by regulating all aspects of the production process.	process control block	Using a social science analogy, explain process control block.	ht	social science	1
Message encoding is the process of transforming a message into a format that can be transmitted. This may involve translating the words into an agreed upon code, or adding specific formatting to ensure the message arrives intact. Message decoding is the reverse process, taking a formatted message and returning it to its original form.	message encoding	Using a social science analogy, explain message encoding.	ht	social science	0
Message encoding is the process of turning a message into a format that can be sent over a communication channel. This typically includes converting the text message into an electronic signal that can be transmitted, and then decoding the received signal back into text.	message encoding	Using a social science analogy, explain message encoding.	ht	social science	0
Message encoding is the process of transforming a message into a format that can be transmitted or stored. The process usually includes converting text, numbers, and other symbols into a digital format that can be sent over a network or stored on a computer.	message encoding	Using a social science analogy, explain message encoding.	ht	social science	0
A receptor site is like a lock on a door. The drug is like the key that fits into the lock. When the drug molecule binds to the receptor site, it causes a change in the shape of the receptor that triggers an event inside the cell.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a social science analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	ht	social science	1
The interaction between drugs and receptor sites is the same as that of two magnets. The drug is like the north pole of one magnet, while the receptor site is like the south pole of another magnet. When these two poles are brought together, they create a force that pulls them together.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a social science analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	ht	social science	1
A receptor site is like a lock on a door. A drug molecule is like the key that unlocks the door. The more drug molecules that fit into the receptor site, the more "locked" the door becomes and the more effective the drug is at stopping or changing whatever process is being controlled by that receptor.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a social science analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	ht	social science	1
Monitoring is the process of observing and recording some aspect of social life. It can involve systematically observing and measuring specific behaviors or it can be more informal, involving simply noting what people are talking about in a given situation.	monitor	Using a social science analogy, explain monitor.	ht	social science	0
A monitor is like a microscope. It zooms in on specific details so that you can see them more clearly. In the same way, a monitor lets you focus in on specific parts of your computer screen so that you can see them more clearly.	monitor	Using a social science analogy, explain monitor.	ht	social science	1
A monitor is like a scientist who observes and records the behavior of the people in her lab. She may also intervene when she sees something that she does not like. In the same way, a computer monitor records everything that happens on your computer screen and allows you to intervene when necessary.	monitor	Using a social science analogy, explain monitor.	ht	social science	1
CPU stands for central processing unit. It's the part of a computer that does all the calculations.	cpu	Using a social science analogy, explain cpu.	ht	social science	0
CPU stands for "central processing unit." It is the main chip in a computer that carries out the instructions of a computer program.	cpu	Using a social science analogy, explain cpu.	ht	social science	0
A cpu is like a human brain. It can process a lot of information at the same time and it can make decisions quickly.	cpu	Using a social science analogy, explain cpu.	ht	social science	1
A motherboard is a bit like the skeleton of a human body. It provides a framework onto which other parts can be attached and it helps to distribute power and signals around the body. In relation to computers, the motherboard is the main circuit board that holds all of the key components together.	motherboard	Using a social science analogy, explain motherboard.	ht	social science	1
A motherboard is like the backbone of a computer. It holds all of the essential components together and allows them to communicate with each other.	motherboard	Using a social science analogy, explain motherboard.	ht	social science	1
A motherboard is like the skeleton of a social science study. It provides the structure that holds everything together and makes sure everything functions properly. Similarly, in a social science study, the motherboard is responsible for ensuring that all of the data collected are accurately processed and analyzed.	motherboard	Using a social science analogy, explain motherboard.	ht	social science	1
A ram is an animal that has a large, curved horns on its head. Rams are used by farmers to herd sheep. They use their horns to nudge the sheep in the right direction.	ram	Using a social science analogy, explain ram.	ht	social science	0
A ram is an animal that has a large, curved horn on its head. The word "ram" can also describe someone who charges ahead with determination or someone who is very aggressive.	ram	Using a social science analogy, explain ram.	ht	social science	0
One can think of ram as a process of socialization whereby the individual is exposed to and learns the norms, values, and expectations of society. It occurs during the earliest stages of life and involves both direct and indirect contact with others. Through this process, individuals come to understand what is expected of them in their social roles.	ram	Using a social science analogy, explain ram.	ht	social science	1
The power supply unit (PSU) is the component of a computer that converts alternating current from the wall outlet into direct current appropriate for the computer's components. It is an important factor in determining how much power your system can draw and how stable it will be. A good PSU can make a big difference in your system's performance and overclocking potential.	power supply unit	Using a social science analogy, explain power supply unit.	ht	social science	0
A power supply unit (PSU) is like the gas tank in a car. It stores energy that can be used to run the computer. A PSU usually has two types of connectors, one for the motherboard and one for the graphics card.	power supply unit	Using a social science analogy, explain power supply unit.	ht	social science	1
A power supply unit (PSU) is a component of a computer system that supplies electric power to the system. The PSU converts AC voltage from the wall socket to DC voltage used by the computer's internal components.	power supply unit	Using a social science analogy, explain power supply unit.	ht	social science	0
A keyboard is a tool that helps users input text into their devices. It typically has keys of different shapes and sizes, which correspond to letters, numbers and symbols that the user wants to enter. By pressing one or more of these keys, the user can create a character on the screen.	keyboard	Using a social science analogy, explain keyboard.	ht	social science	0
A keyboard is like a research lab. It's a place where ideas are born, tested and refined. It's also a place where people can come together to share their knowledge and experiences.	keyboard	Using a social science analogy, explain keyboard.	ht	social science	1
There are many keyboards on the market, but they all have the same purpose: to allow users to type text. Each keyboard has a different layout, with a different number of keys and a different order. The layout of the keyboard affects how easily users can find and type the letters they need.	keyboard	Using a social science analogy, explain keyboard.	ht	social science	0
Mouse is a software program that allows users to control their computer's cursor with a handheld device, such as a touchpad or joystick.	mouse	Using a social science analogy, explain mouse.	ht	social science	0
A mouse is a small rodent that lives in the wild and in homes. They are known for their quick movements, and for being able to fit into small spaces. Mice eat mostly grains and other plant material, but will also take meat if they can get it.	mouse	Using a social science analogy, explain mouse.	ht	social science	0
Mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is commonly used as a symbol of computer input.	mouse	Using a social science analogy, explain mouse.	ht	social science	0
Just as a scientist might use a microscope or other equipment to study specimens, an audio engineer might use an audio card to capture and manipulate sounds. Audio cards are used to input and output sounds into and from computers. They come in various formats, including PCI (Peripheral Component Interconnect), USB (Universal Serial Bus) and FireWire.	audio card	Using a social science analogy, explain audio card.	ht	social science	1
Audio cards are used to process and output sound for computers. They allow users to connect speakers, headphones, or other audio devices to their computer in order to hear sounds.	audio card	Using a social science analogy, explain audio card.	ht	social science	0
An audio card would be similar to a microphone or earpiece. It is an electronic device that allows you to input and output sound.	audio card	Using a social science analogy, explain audio card.	ht	social science	1
A video card is similar to a scientist's lab. The video card provides the tools and resources needed to complete complex tasks, such as rendering 3D graphics or encoding videos. Just like a scientist's lab, the video card can be upgraded over time to improve its performance.	video card	Using a social science analogy, explain video card.	ht	social science	1
A video card is like a scientist's lab. It allows you to conduct experiments (i.e., play videos) and analyze the results.	video card	Using a social science analogy, explain video card.	ht	social science	1
A video card is like a scientist's microscope. It allows you to see things that are otherwise too small or too far away to see with the naked eye.	video card	Using a social science analogy, explain video card.	ht	social science	1
The age of a tree can be estimated by counting the number of rings in its trunk. Each ring represents one year's growth, so by counting them, you can estimate how old the tree is.	tree's age calculation	Using a social science analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	ht	social science	0
Just as with people, trees grow older over time. Scientists can estimate a tree's age by counting the number of rings in its trunk. Each ring corresponds to one year of growth; so, by counting the rings, scientists can determine the tree's age.	tree's age calculation	Using a social science analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	ht	social science	1
Just as you can calculate someone's age by counting the number of years since their birth, you can also calculate a tree's age by counting the number of growth rings in its trunk. Growth rings are created each year when new wood is added to the tree; this new wood is slightly wider than older wood because it has not had time to dry out. By counting the number of growth rings, you can estimate how many years have passed since the tree was born.	tree's age calculation	Using a social science analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	ht	social science	1
In glycolysis, glucose is broken down into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using a social science analogy, explain glycolysis.	ht	social science	0
Glycolysis is the process by which glucose (sugar) is converted into energy. The sugar molecule is broken down into two molecules of pyruvate, and this process releases energy that can be used by the cells to perform their work.	glycolysis	Using a social science analogy, explain glycolysis.	ht	social science	0
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose (sugar) into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of cells and does not require oxygen. The energy released by glycolysis is used to produce ATP, which fuels cellular activity.	glycolysis	Using a social science analogy, explain glycolysis.	ht	social science	0
Anti-stokes scattering is when a photon hits an atom and the energy of the photon is greater than the energy difference between the ground state and first excited state of the atom. When this happens, some of the excess energy from the photon is used to promote one electron from the ground state to an excited state. This process creates a new photon that is emitted in a different direction than where it was originally traveling.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a social science analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	ht	social science	0
In anti-stokes scattering, the energy of a photon is used to "kick" an electron out of its atom or molecule. This process can be used to create free radicals, which are highly reactive molecules that can participate in chemical reactions.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a social science analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	ht	social science	0
Anti-stokes scattering is like a crowd of people at a concert who are all pushing against each other. The people in the back are pushing harder than the people in the front, and as a result, the people in the back are moving forward more quickly.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a social science analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	ht	social science	1
Social scientists use the analogy of stokes scattering to explain how people are influenced by their social environment. Just as light is scattered by small objects in its path, people's actions and behaviors are affected by the people around them. For example, if a person sees someone else doing something bad, they may be more likely to do the same thing. This is known as peer pressure.	stokes scattering	Using a social science analogy, explain stokes scattering.	ht	social science	1
Stokes scattering is the diffusion of light or other particles through a medium. It is named after George Gabriel Stokes, who first described it mathematically in 1852. The scattering process causes light to be deflected from its original path, and the degree of deflection depends on the size, shape, and composition of the scatterers.	stokes scattering	Using a social science analogy, explain stokes scattering.	ht	social science	0
In stokes scattering, small particles are scattered by a larger particle. This is similar to the way social scientists study human behavior by observing how people interact with each other in their natural environment. By studying the way people scatter around a central point, social scientists can get an idea of how they interact and what kind of relationships they have.	stokes scattering	Using a social science analogy, explain stokes scattering.	ht	social science	1
A median lethal dose, or LD50, is the dose of a substance that kills half the members of a tested population. It can be used to measure the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using a social science analogy, explain median lethal dose.	ht	social science	0
The median lethal dose (LD50) is the dose of a substance that kills half the members of a tested population. It can be used to measure the toxicity of a given substance.	median lethal dose	Using a social science analogy, explain median lethal dose.	ht	social science	0
A median lethal dose, often abbreviated to LD50, is the dose of a toxin or other agent required to kill half the members of a tested population within a designated time frame. It can be used to measure the relative toxicity of different substances.	median lethal dose	Using a social science analogy, explain median lethal dose.	ht	social science	0
The universe can be thought of as a social scientist's laboratory. It is a place where the effects of different variables can be studied in controlled conditions. The universe is like a huge sandbox where scientists can play with different ideas and see what happens.	universe	Using a social science analogy, explain universe.	ht	social science	1
A universe is like a gigantic social network. It has billions of people (stars), and each star has its own set of relationships with the other stars. Just as in a social network, some stars are closer to each other than others, and they orbit around one another. The planets (objects) in our solar system are like the users on Facebook - they orbit around the sun, which is like the main website.	universe	Using a social science analogy, explain universe.	ht	social science	1
The universe can be thought of as a vast social network, with billions of stars and planets acting as individual nodes. The gravitational forces between these objects create patterns and rhythms that resemble human social networks. Just as people are influenced by their friends, family, and acquaintances, the planets in our universe are affected by the gravitational forces of neighboring objects.	universe	Using a social science analogy, explain universe.	ht	social science	1
Social scientists use the analogy of enzymes to explain the mechanism of social change. Enzymes are proteins that catalyze (accelerate) chemical reactions in the body. Social scientists argue that similar proteins, or social mechanisms, catalyze social change. Just as different enzymes work differently to catalyze specific chemical reactions, so too do different social mechanisms work differently to produce specific changes in society.One example of a social mechanism is protest. Protest can be seen as an enzyme that catalyzes political change by raising awareness about an issue and motivating people to take action. Another example is education. Education can be seen as an enzyme that catalyzes cultural change by teaching new ideas and values to people.	enzyme mechanism	Using a social science analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	ht	social science	1
Enzyme mechanisms are like social science theories in that they are explanatory frameworks that help us make sense of complex phenomena. Enzymes are proteins that catalyze biochemical reactions, and their mechanism is analogous to the way a social scientist might develop a theory to explain some aspect of human behavior. Just as a social scientist might propose a Theory of Mind or a theory of aggression, enzymes have an active site where they bind substrates and catalyze chemical reactions. Like all scientific theories, enzyme mechanisms are provisional and can be modified or discarded if they don't fit the evidence.	enzyme mechanism	Using a social science analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	ht	social science	1
The enzyme mechanism is like a social science analogy because it is a process that happens over time with many people involved. The enzyme is like a scientist who is performing an experiment. The substrate is the substance they are testing and the product is what they are trying to create. The reaction medium is the environment in which the reaction takes place. The activators are the things that help get the reaction started and the inhibitors are anything that stops it from happening.	enzyme mechanism	Using a social science analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	ht	social science	1
Anova is a statistical technique used to test the significance of differences between group means. It is similar to the t-test, but can be used when there are more than two groups. An anova will tell you whether the difference between the group means is statistically significant or not.	anova	Using a social science analogy, explain anova.	ht	social science	1
Anova is the statistical technique most often used to compare the means of two or more groups. It stands for analysis of variance. The technique partitions the total variability in a set of data into two components: (1) variation among group means and (2) variation within group means.	anova	Using a social science analogy, explain anova.	ht	social science	0
An anova is a statistical analysis tool that allows researchers to compare the means of two or more groups. It does this by accounting for the amount of variability in the data that is due to differences between the groups, as opposed to variability within each group. This makes it possible to identify which groups differ from one another in terms of mean values.	anova	Using a social science analogy, explain anova.	ht	social science	0
A thermostat is a device used to regulate the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on and off the heating or cooling system as needed.	thermostat	Using a social science analogy, explain thermostat.	ht	social science	0
A thermostat is a device used to maintain a desired temperature in an environment. It senses the current temperature and activates heating or cooling devices as necessary to maintain the set point.	thermostat	Using a social science analogy, explain thermostat.	ht	social science	0
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building by turning on and off the heating or cooling system as needed.	thermostat	Using a social science analogy, explain thermostat.	ht	social science	0
Chemical equilibrium is like a market where buyers and sellers come together to trade goods. The two sides reach an agreement where the buyers get what they want (the products they desire) and the sellers receive something of value in return. In chemical equilibrium, reactants (products that are not yet fully formed) and products come together to form molecules in a balanced way. This allows atoms within the molecules to move more freely and prevents them from being trapped in one place.	chemical equilibrium	Using a social science analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	ht	social science	1
In chemical equilibrium, the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. This means that the concentrations of all reactants and products remain constant.	chemical equilibrium	Using a social science analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	ht	social science	0
Chemical equilibrium is a state in which the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. This means that the concentrations of reactants and products remain constant.	chemical equilibrium	Using a social science analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	ht	social science	0
Just-in-time is like a grocery store that only stocks enough food for the number of people who are in the store at any given time. The store doesn't stock weeks' or months' worth of food because it would take up too much space and be too expensive. Just-in-time works by bringing in new supplies as they are needed, so the store never has too much or too little food.	just-in-time	Using a social science analogy, explain just-in-time.	ht	social science	1
Just-in-time (JIT) is a business strategy that aligns production with customer demand. It relies on a continuous flow of materials from suppliers to the manufacturing floor and finished products to customers. JIT eliminates waste by producing only what is needed, when it is needed.	just-in-time	Using a social science analogy, explain just-in-time.	ht	social science	0
Just-in-time (JIT) is an inventory management system that aims to decrease the cost of holding inventory and improve production efficiency. It does this by producing only what is needed, when it is needed, and in the quantities needed. This requires a high degree of coordination between suppliers and manufacturers.	just-in-time	Using a social science analogy, explain just-in-time.	ht	social science	0
In adaptive immunity, the body's immune system "learns" to recognize and fight specific infections. This happens through a process of natural selection: The body's best defenders against a particular infection are remembered, and their genetic information is passed on to future generations of immune cells. Over time, the population of immune cells becomes better equipped to fight off that infection.	adaptive immunity	Using a social science analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	ht	social science	0
Adaptive immunity is the specific immune response that recognizes and defends against a particular antigen. This response is acquired through exposure to antigens, either through infection or vaccination. The body's adaptive immune system produces antibodies that specifically target the invading pathogen. These antibodies remain in the body long-term, ready to mount a rapid defense against any future infections with that same pathogen.	adaptive immunity	Using a social science analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	ht	social science	0
Adaptive immunity is like an immune system “memory.” Our bodies remember the viruses and bacteria we have fought off in the past and can quickly recognize them if they come back. This is why you are more likely to get a cold after being around someone who is sick – your body has already seen that virus before and knows how to fight it off.	adaptive immunity	Using a social science analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	ht	social science	1
Just as voltage is analogous to pressure and current is analogous to flow rate in fluids, electric potential (voltage) can be thought of as electrical pressure and electric current as the rate of flow of electricity. Just like water flowing through a pipe, electrons will flow through an electrically conductive material if there is a difference in electrical potential between one end of the material and the other. The strength of this flow (current) is determined by the size of the voltage difference and the properties of the material. In accordance with Ohm's law, this current will be constant for any given voltage difference across a conductor as long as that conductor remains uniform.	ohm's law	Using a social science analogy, explain ohm's law.	ht	social science	1
Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor is directly proportional to the voltage across it. In other words, if you increase the voltage, then you will also increase the current (assuming all other factors remain constant).	ohm's law	Using a social science analogy, explain ohm's law.	ht	social science	1
Ohm's law is the scientific principle that states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the voltage across those points. In other words, if you increase the voltage, you will also increase the current.	ohm's law	Using a social science analogy, explain ohm's law.	ht	social science	1
Transcription is the process of copying a genetic sequence from one molecule to another. In transcription, enzymes called RNA polymerases create a new RNA molecule by reading the DNA strand and assembling complementary nucleotides.	transcription	Using a social science analogy, explain transcription.	ht	social science	0
In transcription, the genetic information in DNA is copied into a new molecule called RNA. This process is important because it allows the cell to read and use the genetic instructions stored in DNA.	transcription	Using a social science analogy, explain transcription.	ht	social science	0
The act of transcription is similar to the process of taking notes in a class. During transcription, the DNA sequence is copied from one molecule to another. This process is important because it allows for the genetic information within DNA to be passed on to future generations.	transcription	Using a social science analogy, explain transcription.	ht	social science	1
RNA polymerase is a protein that helps create new RNA strands by linking together individual nucleotides. It does this by catalyzing the formation of phosphodiester bonds between the 3' hydroxyl group on one ribonucleotide and the 5' phosphate group on the next ribonucleotide. This process is essential for creating new RNA molecules, including mRNA transcripts which are used to translate genetic information into proteins.	rna polymerase	Using a social science analogy, explain rna polymerase.	ht	social science	0
Just as a group of people can come together to form a polymer (a molecule made up of many repeated units), so too can rna molecules be formed through the joining of individual nucleotides. In order for this process to occur, however, it is necessary for an enzyme called rna polymerase to be present. This enzyme facilitates the linking of individual nucleotides into chains, and it does so by catalyzing the formation of phosphodiester bonds between them.	rna polymerase	Using a social science analogy, explain rna polymerase.	ht	social science	1
RNA polymerase is a bit like a secretary who takes dictation. The "dictator" in this analogy is the DNA molecule, which provides the instructions for assembling new proteins. RNA polymerase reads these instructions and assembles corresponding RNA molecules.	rna polymerase	Using a social science analogy, explain rna polymerase.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They make all of the proteins that the cell needs to function.	ribosome	Using a social science analogy, explain ribosome.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They make all of the proteins that the cell needs to function.	ribosome	Using a social science analogy, explain ribosome.	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are the organelles in a cell that make proteins. They consist of two parts: the small subunit and the large subunit. The small subunit reads the genetic code in DNA to produce a messenger RNA (mRNA) molecule. The mRNA is then used as a template for assembling individual protein amino acids into chains, which makes up the ribosome's larger structure.	ribosome	Using a social science analogy, explain ribosome.	ht	social science	0
Activator protein is like a key that unlocks the door to the genes. It helps turn on the genes so they can start doing their job.	activator protein	Using a social science analogy, explain activator protein.	ht	social science	1
A protein activator is a molecule that binds to another molecule, called an activator receptor, and initiates a biochemical reaction. The activator receptor is located on the surface of cells, and when the activator protein binds to it, it triggers a signal that tells the cell to start performing a specific function. For example, in muscles, the activator protein MyoD can bind to receptors on muscle cells and initiate the process of muscle growth.	activator protein	Using a social science analogy, explain activator protein.	ht	social science	0
In the social sciences, activator protein refers to an agent that stimulates or activates something else. For example, a hormone may be considered an activator protein because it triggers other biochemical processes in the body.	activator protein	Using a social science analogy, explain activator protein.	ht	social science	0
An electric circuit can be thought of as a pathway along which electricity flows. The flow of electricity is determined by the voltage and current in the circuit. The components in a circuit, such as resistors and capacitors, determine these values.	electric circuit	Using a social science analogy, explain electric circuit.	ht	social science	1
In an electric circuit, there is a continuous flow of electricity through a closed loop. The electricity flows from the power source (the battery or plug), through the wires in the circuit, and to the light bulb or other device. If there is a break in the circuit (a broken wire, for example), the electricity can't flow and the light won't turn on.	electric circuit	Using a social science analogy, explain electric circuit.	ht	social science	0
A circuit is like a social network in that it is a system consisting of interconnected parts. The parts of an electric circuit are the battery, the wires, and the light bulb. The battery provides power to the circuit, the wires carry the electricity from one part of the circuit to another, and the light bulb uses electricity to produce light.	electric circuit	Using a social science analogy, explain electric circuit.	ht	social science	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in water. This occurs because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with each other than with the nonpolar molecules. The nonpolar molecules are repelled by the water and tend to form clumps or droplets.	hydrophobic effect	Using a social science analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	ht	social science	0
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in water. This occurs because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with each other than with the nonpolar molecules. The nonpolar molecules are then pushed to the outside of the droplet, where they are less likely to come into contact with water.	hydrophobic effect	Using a social science analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	ht	social science	0
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This occurs because polar molecules, which are attracted to water, push the nonpolar molecules away. The nonpolar molecules then group together in order to avoid contact with the polar molecules.	hydrophobic effect	Using a social science analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	ht	social science	0
Biological signal transduction is the process by which a cell converts a biochemical signal into an electrical or mechanical response. This process can be thought of as similar to how a telephone works. A caller speaks into the phone, and their voice is converted into an electrical signal that travels through the wires to the receiver. The receiver then converts the electrical signal back into sound waves that you hear on the other end of the line. In much the same way, cells convert biochemical signals into electrical or mechanical responses.	biological signal transduction	Using a social science analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	ht	social science	1
A social science analogy for signal transduction would be the way a telephone line transmits sound. The phone line is like the cell membrane, and the electrical current running through it is like the signal (in this case, sound). When you speak into the phone, your voice creates an electrical current in the microphone. This current travels down the phone line to the other person's phone, where it triggers a similar current that recreates your voice on their end.	biological signal transduction	Using a social science analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	ht	social science	1
Biological signal transduction is the process by which a molecule in one part of a cell communicates with another part of the same cell or with other cells to relay a message. The molecule that initiates the signal is called a receptor, and the molecules it communicates with are called effectors. Receptors are found on the surface of cells or in their cytoplasm, and they can be activated by different types of signals, including hormones, neurotransmitters, cytokines, and growth factors. Once activated, receptors interact with intracellular proteins known as kinases to initiate a cascade of biochemical reactions that ultimately leads to changes in gene expression.	biological signal transduction	Using a social science analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	ht	social science	0
Nadh is like a battery. It is a molecule that helps store energy in cells.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A protein is like a construction worker. It helps build and maintain the body's cells.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain DNA to a social science student is to think of it as a recipe. The recipe is for a cake, and it tells you what ingredients to use, how much of each, and in what order to put them in the bowl. The recipe is like the DNA code, and the ingredients are like the genes.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A glycogen molecule is like a small train car. It has a lot of small compartments inside of it, and each compartment can hold a lot of glucose molecules. When the train car is empty, it is small and easy to move around. But when it is full of glucose molecules, it is big and heavy, and it takes a lot of energy to move it.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory in the cell. It produces proteins that are used in the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A golgi apparatus is like a post office. It is a place where packages (or proteins) are sorted and sent to their correct destinations.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a border or boundary. It is the outermost layer of a cell that separates the cell from its environment. It is like a border between two countries. The plasma membrane controls what enters and leaves the cell, just like a border controls the movement of people and goods between two countries.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A lysosome is like a recycling center for a cell. It breaks down old or damaged proteins and recycles them into new proteins.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling centers of the cell. They take in old, damaged proteins and recycle them into new, usable proteins.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Mitochondria are like the batteries in a car. They provide the energy that the car needs to run.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A chloroplast is like a small city. It has a lot of different parts that all work together to keep the city running. The chloroplast has a factory where it makes food for the city, a hospital where it takes care of sick citizens, and a library where it stores information.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A cytoskeleton is like a scaffold that helps to hold a cell together. It is made up of proteins that help to keep the cell's shape and also helps to move things around inside the cell.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Atp is like the gasoline that powers a car. It is what provides the energy for the car to move.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
NADPH is like the oil in a car engine. It helps the engine run smoothly and efficiently.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A peroxysome is like a small factory inside a cell. It produces important chemicals that help the cell work properly.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain mytochondria to a social science student would be to compare it to the engine of a car. The mytochondria are responsible for producing the energy that the cells need to function. Just as a car needs a working engine to run, the cells need a working mytochondria to function.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Just as magnets have a north and south pole, electric charges have a positive and negative pole. Like magnets, electric charges are attracted to each other.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a group of people who live in the same neighborhood. The people in this neighborhood are all friends and know each other well. They hang out together and do things together. They are all very close.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain the first line of defense in the body to a social science student is to think of the body as a fortress. The first line of defense is the wall around the fortress, which is meant to keep out intruders. If someone does manage to get past the wall, the next line of defense is the gate, which is meant to keep them out of the fortress. If someone does manage to get past the gate, the next line of defense is the guards, who are meant to keep them out of the fortress. Finally, if someone does manage to get past the guards, they will reach the inner sanctum, where the king or queen resides.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A macrophage is like a bouncer at a nightclub. They are responsible for determining who is allowed into the club and who is not. Macrophages are also responsible for getting rid of any unwanted guests that may have entered the club.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a social science student would be to compare them to the police force. The police force is responsible for maintaining law and order in society, and they work closely with the public to do so. In the same way, t-helper cells work closely with other cells in the immune system to maintain the body's health.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student would be to compare them to police officers. Just as police officers are responsible for maintaining law and order in society, b-lymphocytes are responsible for maintaining the body's immune system by fighting off infection.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte can be thought of as a "cop" on the immune system "beat." The cop's job is to patrol the body and arrest any "criminals" (viruses, bacteria, etc.) that are causing harm.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student is to imagine that bacteria are like people. Just as people can invade and take over a territory, bacteria can do the same. In fact, bacteria can even be more successful at invading than people, because they can reproduce very quickly.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain action potential to a social science student is to think of it as a crowd of people at a football game. The people are all standing in the stands, and then someone yells "charge!" and the people all start running down the stairs. The action potential is like the yell that starts the running.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain the experiment of chromatography to a social science student would be to say that it is like a fingerprint. Just as each person has a unique fingerprint, each compound has a unique chromatographic fingerprint.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A star's main-sequence lifetime is like the average human lifespan. The star's brightness will slowly decline as it uses up its fuel, but it will eventually die out in a similar way to humans.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A nucleus is like a country's capital city. It is the center of activity and the place where most of the important decisions are made.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the machines that produce the products in a factory. The products are made up of smaller parts that are put together to create something new. In the factory, the machines put together the smaller parts to create the products. Ribosomes do the same thing with the proteins that are made up of smaller parts.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A golgi apparatus is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, processes them, and sends them to their final destination.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of the cell. They recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids into new, usable molecules.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A nuclear envelope can be thought of as a boundary that separates the nucleus of a cell from the rest of the cell. This boundary is important because it helps to control what enters and leaves the nucleus. Just like a real envelope helps to control the contents of a letter, the nuclear envelope helps to control what enters and leaves the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A vacuole is like a container that can hold different types of liquids or solids.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a social science student would be to compare it to traffic. Just as cars need to move smoothly through traffic in order to get where they are going, cells need to move smoothly through the cytoplasm in order to carry out their functions.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A chromosome is like a book. It has a lot of information in it that is important for the development and functioning of the organism.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A cytosol is like a city. It is a large, crowded area where many things are happening at once. The cytosol is filled with proteins, DNA, and other molecules that are all working together to keep the cell alive.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A cell is like a small city. It has a mayor (the nucleus), police officers (the proteins), workers (the enzymes), and citizens (the DNA).	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold a small amount of liquid.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a city wall. The cell wall is a barrier that protects the cell and its contents. The city wall is a barrier that protects the city and its inhabitants.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Cells are like the bricks in a wall. The wall is made up of many bricks, and each brick is made up of many cells.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A cell membrane is like a border fence between two countries. It is made up of materials that allow some things to pass through (like water and oxygen) and keep other things out (like bacteria and toxins).	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A golgi body is like a post office. It is a small, enclosed structure where packages (or proteins) are sorted and sent to their correct destinations.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A capacitor is a bit like a water tank. It can store a certain amount of energy, like water in a tank. When you connect a wire to the capacitor, you are like a tap, and you can let the energy out.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity flowing through a wire. Just as a river can carry boats and other objects downstream, electric current can power devices and appliances.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A voltage is like a water pressure. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spurt out water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A cell is like a small city. The cell has a mayor, who is in charge of the cell. The mayor is responsible for the communication and coordination between the different parts of the cell. The mayor is also responsible for the specialization of the different parts of the cell.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain Kirchhoff's voltage law to a social science student is to imagine a group of people in a room. The people are all connected to each other by wires, and each person has a battery attached to them. The voltage of each battery is different, and the voltage of each wire is different. Kirchhoff's voltage law states that the voltage in the room is the same at every point.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. The people in the front of the group are moving quickly, while the people in the back are moving more slowly. The people in the back are also being pushed forward by the people in the front.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are like tiny robots that help us digest food and turn it into energy.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to a social science student?	lt	social science	0
A human active memory system can be best explained as an office space. The office space has many drawers, shelves, and cabinets that store different items. The office space is also equipped with a computer, desk, and chair. The computer is used to access the information that is stored in the drawers, shelves, and cabinets. The desk is used to write down information and the chair is used to sit in while the person is working.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student is the speed of a car. The rate-determining step is the step that determines how fast the entire reaction will happen. Just like a car can only go as fast as its slowest part, a reaction can only go as fast as its rate-determining step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Column chromatography is like a funnel. The solvent starts at the top of the column and the sample is added at the bottom. The solvent travels through the column and the sample is separated based on its size and weight. The smaller and lighter molecules travel faster and move higher up the column. The larger and heavier molecules travel slower and move lower down the column.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student is the example of a crowded room. In a crowded room, people are constantly moving around, and yet the room remains in equilibrium. The people in the room are like the molecules in a chemical system, constantly moving and interacting with one another.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A vacuole is like a container that can hold different types of liquids or solids.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a social science student is to think of them as tiny mail trucks. The vesicles carry cargo (such as proteins) from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A proto-oncogene is like a regular gene, except that it has the potential to become an oncogene. Just as a regular gene can make a protein, a proto-oncogene can make a cancer-causing protein.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to a social science student would be to compare them to viruses. Just as viruses can cause diseases in people, oncogenes can cause cancer.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a security guard at a bank. The security guard is always watching the bank and is ready to take action if anything happens. If a robber tries to rob the bank, the security guard will stop them. Tumor suppressor genes are always watching for cancer cells and will stop them from growing.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain brittle software to a social science student is to compare it to a house of cards. Just like a house of cards, if one piece of software is not working correctly, the entire system can collapse.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a social science student is to think of it as a mixed marriage. In a mixed marriage, each person brings different things to the relationship. The same is true for resonance hybrid. In a resonance hybrid, each atom brings different things to the relationship.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A wave mechanical model can be best explained as a ripple effect. Just as a pebble dropped into a pond creates ripples that move outward, a disturbance (such as a sound wave) creates waves that move through a medium (such as air). The waves compress the air molecules together and then release them, creating a pattern of high and low pressure that travels through the medium.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a social science student is to compare it to a fingerprint. Just as each person has a unique fingerprint, each person has a unique brainwave pattern. The electroencephalogram can be used to identify a person's brainwave pattern, just as a fingerprint can be used to identify a person.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain DNA replication to a social science student is to think of DNA as a recipe. The recipe is written down on a piece of paper and it tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. When you make the recipe, you follow the instructions and you end up with a dish that is similar to the one that is written on the paper. DNA is like a recipe for a living organism. The instructions are written down in the DNA and they tell the cells how to put together the proteins that make up the organism.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain RNA transcription to a social science student is to think of it as a photocopier. Just as a photocopier copies an image from a piece of paper onto another piece of paper, RNA transcription copies genetic information from DNA onto RNA.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A protein translation analogy to explain to a social science student could be as follows: Protein translation is a bit like a recipe. The recipe is made up of a list of instructions that, when followed, will result in a particular dish. In the same way, the genetic code is a list of instructions that, when followed, will result in the production of a particular protein. Just as different cooks can follow the same recipe to create different dishes, different cells can follow the same genetic code to create different proteins.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain ecosystem to a social science student is to think of it as a human body. The body has different parts that work together to keep the whole functioning. The ecosystem has different parts that work together to keep the whole functioning. The sun is the body's heart, providing energy to the different parts. The plants are the body's lungs, taking in carbon dioxide and giving off oxygen. The animals are the body's muscles, helping to move things around and keep the ecosystem in balance.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student is the spreading of a rumor down a street. Just as a rumor can quickly spread down a street, an action potential can quickly spread down a neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs work like a human's, and the frog also has a diaphragm that helps it breathe.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain layered architecture to a social science student is to think of the different layers of an onion. The outermost layer is the skin, and the innermost layer is the core. The layers in between are the edible part of the onion. The same is true for a layered architecture system. The outermost layer is the user interface, and the innermost layer is the back-end. The layers in between are the functional parts of the system.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student is to think of a party. If you have too many people at the party, it will be difficult to have a conversation with anyone. This is because there are too many people and not enough space. If you have too few people at the party, it will be boring because there is not enough to do. This is similar to a chemical reaction. If you have too much of a reactant, the reaction will be too fast and it will be difficult to control. If you have too little of a reactant, the reaction will not happen at all.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. The cell has a nucleus (the city hall), mitochondria (the power plants), and other organelles (the different neighborhoods). The cell also has proteins (the police) and RNA (the city planners).	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. It has a mayor (the cell membrane), a police force (the proteins), and a bunch of citizens (the DNA).	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A kernel is like the brain of a computer. It is the core part of the system that controls how the computer works. It manages the system resources and communicates with the hardware.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a social science student is to think of a party. If there are too many people at the party, it will be difficult to have a conversation with anyone. This is because there are too many people and not enough space. In the same way, if there are too many people at a party, there will not be enough food to go around. This is because there is only so much food and not enough space.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A helicase is like a postal worker. It is responsible for delivering the mail (DNA) to the correct addresses (genes).	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the glue that holds the DNA replication process together. Just as social science students need glue to hold their papers together, DNA replication binding proteins hold the DNA replication process together to make sure the genetic information is copied accurately.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Ligase is a good analogy to explain to a social science student because it is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is like a social science student is learning about two people and how they are connected.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A process control block is like a traffic light. It helps to regulate the flow of traffic and keep things moving smoothly.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A message encoding is similar to translating a document from one language to another. The translator takes the original text and encodes it into a new format that can be understood by the receiver. This may involve changing certain words or phrases to make them more understandable, or adding specific symbols to represent different sounds or meanings.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student is to think of receptor sites as locks and drugs as keys. The drug is like a key that fits into the lock and opens it. When the drug binds to the receptor site, it causes a change in the cell that results in the desired effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A monitor is like a television. It is a device that people use to watch programs or videos.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A CPU is like a brain. It is the part of the computer that does all of the thinking.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the social equivalent of a computer's central processing unit (CPU). Just as the CPU is the heart of a computer, the motherboard is the foundation of a social system. It coordinates and oversees the various functions of the system, and it provides a common platform for the exchange of information and resources.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Ram is to sheep as a hammer is to a nail.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A power supply unit can be compared to a gas tank in a car. The power supply unit provides power to the computer, similar to how the gas tank provides fuel to the car.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A keyboard is like a typewriter, but it has more keys.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A mouse is like a tiny person who lives in a big house.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain an audio card to a social science student would be to compare it to a microphone. Just as a microphone captures sound, an audio card captures audio signals.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A video card is like a translator between the language of your computer and the language of the video you want to watch.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A tree's age calculation is like a human's age calculation. Just as humans are born at one moment and then grow older over time, trees are born when their seed germinates and then grow older over time. The tree's age is calculated by counting the number of years since the tree's seed germinated.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain glycolysis to a social science student is to think of it as a car. The glucose is the gas, the glycolysis is the engine, and the ATP is the energy that the car uses to move.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student is the scattering of light by a diamond. Just as light is scattered in all directions by a diamond, particles are scattered in all directions by a molecule.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a social science student is to imagine that they are looking at a large crowd of people. If they were to look at the crowd from a distance, they would be able to see the individual people in the crowd. However, if they were to move closer to the crowd, they would start to see the individual people merge together and they would no longer be able to see the individual people. This is similar to what happens with light when it passes through a medium. When the light is passing through a medium, it is being scattered by the particles in the medium. As the light moves closer to the particles, the light is being scattered more and more. This is why we can no longer see the individual people in the crowd when we move closer to them.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill half of the population that is exposed to it. A good analogy to explain this to a social science student would be to say that the median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that is expected to kill half of the people who drink it.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain the universe to a social science student would be to compare it to a large city. The universe is made up of billions of stars, planets, and other objects that are all in constant motion. Just like in a city, there are different neighborhoods, each with its own unique character. There are also different types of objects in the universe, just like there are different types of people in a city.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Enzyme mechanism is like a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock and the substrate is the key. The enzyme fits the substrate perfectly like a key in a lock. When the two molecules collide, they bind together and the enzyme catalyses the reaction.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
An anova is a statistical test that is used to compare the means of two or more groups. It is similar to a t-test, but can be used when there are more than two groups.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building by turning on or off the heating or cooling system. It is similar to a thermostat on a car which regulates the temperature of the car.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student is to think of society as a chemical system. Just as in a chemical system, there are many different molecules (people) that are constantly interacting with each other. In a chemical system, if the conditions are right (e.g. temperature, pH, etc.), the molecules will reach a state of equilibrium, where the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. In society, if the conditions are right (e.g. economic stability, social order, etc.), the people will reach a state of equilibrium, where the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time to a social science student would be to say that it is like a grocery store that only stocks enough food for the number of customers that are currently in the store. This prevents the store from having to waste food by stocking too much food and it also prevents the store from running out of food.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a social science student is the immune system is like a military. The immune system has many different soldiers (antibodies) that it can send to fight an infection. The antibodies are able to adapt and change as the infection changes. This is similar to how a military can adapt and change as the enemy changes.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain Ohm's law to a social science student is to imagine Ohm's law as a water hose. The water pressure in the hose is analogous to the voltage in an electrical circuit, and the amount of water flowing through the hose is analogous to the current in an electrical circuit. Just as the water pressure in the hose can be increased by turning up the faucet, the voltage in an electrical circuit can be increased by increasing the power supply. And just as the amount of water flowing through the hose can be increased by opening the faucet wider, the current in an electrical circuit can be increased by increasing the resistance.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Transcription is like taking dictation. The person taking the dictation is listening to the person speaking and writing down what they say.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain RNA polymerase to a social science student is to think of it as a secretary. The secretary takes notes during a meeting and then types them up afterwards. RNA polymerase is responsible for reading the genetic code in DNA and then creating a copy of it in RNA.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A ribosome is like a translator. It takes the instructions in a gene and turns them into a protein.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
One analogy to explain activator protein is to think of it as a key that unlocks the door to the nucleus of a cell. The activator protein is responsible for turning on the genes that are necessary for the cell to carry out its functions.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain electric circuit to a social science student is to think of the electric circuit as a highway system. The electricity is like the cars driving on the highway. The battery is like the gas station. The wires are like the roads. The lightbulb is like the destination.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student is to imagine that water is like people in a room. The people are all crowded together and talking. Some of the people are hydrophobic, meaning they do not like water and avoid it whenever possible. The people who are not hydrophobic are drawn to the water because they like it and want to be around it. The hydrophobic people are pushed away from the water and towards the edge of the room.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a social science student would be to compare it to a telephone system. In a telephone system, a caller's voice is converted into an electrical signal that is sent through a telephone line to the recipient's telephone. The recipient's telephone then converts the electrical signal back into sound. In a similar way, biological signal transduction involves the conversion of a biological signal into an electrical signal that is sent through a cellular membrane to the recipient's cell. The recipient's cell then converts the electrical signal back into a biological signal.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a social science student?	lt	social science	1
Nadh is like a battery. It stores energy so the body can use it when it needs it.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Nadh is an enzyme found in all cells of the body. It helps turn food into energy. An analogy to help explain nadh to a social science student would be to compare it to gasoline. Just as gasoline powers a car, nadh helps turn food into energy that fuels the body.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain nadh to a social science student is to compare it to the role of oxygen in the body. Just as oxygen is necessary for cells to function, nadh is necessary for energy production within cells.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A protein is like a sentence. The words in the sentence are like the amino acids that make up the protein. Just as a sentence can be rearranged to create different meanings, so too can proteins be rearranged to create different shapes and functions.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The proteins in our bodies are like the workers in a factory. They make all of the products that we need to survive. Some proteins just do one job, like making insulin. Other proteins have many different jobs, like hemoglobin, which carries oxygen through our blood.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A protein can be thought of as a small army. Just as an army is made up of many different soldiers, each with their own specific task, proteins are made up of many different amino acids, which all have their own unique function.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain DNA to a social science student is that it can be thought of as the "blueprints" for an organism. Just like a building needs blueprints in order to be constructed, an organism needs DNA in order to grow and develop.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
DNA is like a set of blueprints for a house. The DNA molecule contains the instructions that tell the cell how to build all of its proteins.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student might not understand the concept of dna as easily as a biology student. A good analogy to explain dna to a social science student is to say that it is like an instruction manual for creating a person. It contains all of the genetic information needed to create a human being.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain glycogen to a social science student is that it is like gasoline for the body. Glycogen is stored in the liver and muscles and can be used as an energy source for the body. Just like gasoline needs to be stored in a car's tank, glycogen needs to be stored in the body so that it can be accessed when needed.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A glycogen molecule is like a bucket of water. When you need it, you can dip into the bucket and use some of the water. But if you don't use all the water in the bucket right away, it will still be there later. The same thing happens with glycogen molecules. They are stored in your muscles and liver, and when you need them for energy, your body can break them down and use them. But if you don't use all the glycogen in your muscles or liver right away, it will still be there later.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain glycogen to a social science student is that it is like money in the bank. The body deposits glucose (sugar) into the glycogen stores and can then withdrawal it as needed. For example, when you run out of energy during a long race, your body will "withdraw" some glycogen from its banks to give you more power.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory inside of a cell. It makes and processes proteins that the cell needs.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a factory within the cell. The job of the endoplasmic reticulum is to produce proteins that are necessary for the cell to function. Just like in a real factory, there are different parts of the endoplasmic reticulum responsible for different tasks. For example, there is a part of the endoplasmic reticulum called the rough ER. The rough ER is responsible for producing proteins that have been newly created by DNA transcription.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a large factory inside the cell. The endoplasmic reticulum produces proteins that are used in the cell. Just like a factory, the endoplasmic reticulum has many different sections that each do their own thing.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A golgi apparatus is similar to a post office. The postal worker receives letters from all over the country, sorts them by zip code, and delivers them to the correct addresses. The golgi apparatus receives proteins from throughout the cell, sorts them by type, and delivers them to their correct destinations.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that helps to package and route proteins for secretion from the cell. It can be compared to a post office, where letters are sorted and routed according to their destinations.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain the Golgi apparatus to a social science student would be to compare it to a post office. The Golgi apparatus is responsible for processing and packaging protein molecules that are being sent from the cell nucleus out to the rest of the body. Just as letters are processed and packaged at a post office before they are sent off to their final destination, protein molecules are processed and packaged by the Golgi apparatus before they are sent out to other parts of the cell or body.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A plasma membrane can be compared to a border fence. It separates two different territories and controls the passage of materials between them. The membrane is selectively permeable, meaning that it allows some substances to flow through while blocking others.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a bouncer at a club. They are in charge of letting people in and out, and they also make sure that the rules are followed. The plasma membrane is responsible for regulating what goes into and out of the cell, as well as dictating how cells interact with one another.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a social group’s borders. Just as countries have physical borders to separate them from other nations, groups of cells have a plasma membrane that separates them from the outside world. The membrane acts as a barrier, controlling what substances enter and exit the cell. Just like different countries have their own unique culture and customs, each type of cell has its own set of proteins and molecules on the surface of its plasma membrane that give it its own identity.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the "garbage disposal" of a cell. They digest and recycle cellular debris, old organelles, and other waste products. Just as your city's sanitation department collects your trash and recyclables from your curb every week, lysosomes collect waste materials from all over the cell.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Lysosomes are like trash cans inside of cells. They digest and recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
Lysosomes can be thought of as the recycling bins of a cell. Just like your municipality collects recyclable materials from homes and businesses to recycle, lysosomes collect proteins, lipids, and other molecules that need to be recycled within a cell.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling plant in a city. They take all of the old, broken down materials and recycle them into new materials that can be used again.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A peroxisome is a small organelle in the cytoplasm of the cell. It has a variety of functions, including breaking down fatty acids and toxins. Peroxisomes are similar to the liver in that they both break down toxic substances.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A peroxisome is a small organelle in the cell that has several functions, including breaking down fatty acids and producing hydrogen peroxide. A good analogy to explain a peroxisome to a social science student would be to compare it to a tiny factory inside the cell that produces important chemicals.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria could be compared to the power plant of a city. The mitochondria are responsible for taking energy from food and turning it into a form that the cells can use.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain mitochondria to a social science student is that they are like the power plants of the cell. Just as a power plant provides energy for an entire city, mitochondria provide energy for the cell. Another analogy could be to think of them as batteries - they store and release energy when needed.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Mitochondria are like the power plants of cells. They produce energy in the form of ATP molecules that cells need to carry out their functions.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain chloroplast to a social science student would be to say that they are like the cells' "powerhouses." Chloroplasts are responsible for converting sunlight into energy that plants can use to grow and thrive. Just as human beings need food and water to survive, plants need sunlight and nutrients in order to photosynthesize.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A chloroplast is like a solar panel. It takes in energy from the sun and turns it into something that can be used by plants to grow.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A chloroplast is a bit like a small city. It has buildings (called thylakoids) where the workers, called enzymes, do their jobs. It has streets (called stroma) where the products of photosynthesis are made and shipped out. And it has a population of cells (the chloroplasts themselves) that live there and keep everything running.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cytoskeleton is like a scaffold that helps to hold a cell together. It provides support and stability to the cell while also allowing it to move and change shape.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cytoskeleton can be thought of as a scaffold or skeleton inside of a cell. It helps to give the cell its shape and supports important cellular activities. Just as our bones support our body, the cytoskeleton supports the inner workings of cells.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding in a construction site. The scaffolding holds up the building while it is under construction, and then it is taken down when the building is finished. The cytoskeleton does the same thing for a cell: it supports the cell while it is growing and dividing, and then it disappears when the process is done.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain ATP to a social science student is that it can be thought of as the "currency" of the cell. Just as money is needed to purchase items in the real world, ATP is necessary for cells to carry out their functions.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain ATP to a social science student would be that it is the currency of energy for all human activity. Just as money is needed for people to purchase goods and services, ATP is necessary for cells to carry out all functions necessary for life.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One possible analogy to explain ATP to a social science student would be as follows: Just as money is needed in order for people to purchase goods and services, ATP is necessary for cells to carry out the many tasks required for life. Money is a physical representation of value that can be used to buy things; ATP is a chemical representation of energy that powers cellular activity.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain nadph to a social science student would be that it is like the oil in a machine. It keeps everything running smoothly and helps prevent things from breaking down.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain NADPH to a social science student is that it can be thought of as an "energy currency" for the cell. It helps cells convert glucose into energy, and it's also necessary for the synthesis of new DNA and proteins.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Nadph is like the gas in a car that makes it run. It helps to convert food into energy for the cells in our body.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A peroxysome is like a tiny factory inside of the cell. It produces hydrogen peroxide, which can damage cells if it builds up.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A peroxysome is a small organelle in the cytoplasm of a eukaryotic cell that contains enzymes that catalyze the oxidation of hydrogen peroxide to water and oxygen. This analogy could be used to explain how social science students can use their own experiences and knowledge as catalysts for change in their communities. Just as the peroxysomes contain enzymes that speed up a chemical reaction, social science students can use their unique skillset to help facilitate positive change in their communities. Additionally, just as hydrogen peroxide is toxic if it builds up in cells, community members can be harmed if there is too much negativity or harmful behavior present. However, when these negative elements are properly managed and dealt with using constructive methods, they can be converted into useful resources for the community.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A peroxysome is like a small factory in the cell. It produces hydrogen peroxide, which can kill bacteria and help to break down food.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A tochondria is like a city. It has different parts that work together to create something larger than any of its individual parts. The mitochondria are the workers in this city, and they create energy for the whole cell. Just like in a real city, there are different types of jobs that need to be done in order for everything to run smoothly.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The tochondria is the engine of a car. It's what makes it run. In social science, tochondria would be like the basic functions that keep a society running - things like food production, transportation, and communication.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A tochondria is a small organelle in the cell that is responsible for producing energy. It can be compared to a power plant because it produces electricity that powers the cell.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain electric forces to social science students would be the attraction between magnets. Magnets have a north pole and south pole, and like-poles (north and south) are attracted to each other, while opposite poles (north and south) repel each other. Electric charges work in a similar way: they have a positive charge and negative charge, and like charges repel each other while opposite charges attract each other.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Electric forces can be thought of as invisible magnets. Just like two magnets can attract or repel each other, electric charges do the same.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain electric forces in social science is magnets. Magnets have a north and south pole, and when they are close together, the poles attract each other. Like magnets, atoms also have a north and south pole (positive and negative charges), and when they get close together, they attract each other.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A hydrogen electron orbital can be thought of as a group of people who live in the same neighborhood. The people in this neighborhood are not all related to each other, but they all share some common characteristics (e.g., they all live near each other).	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a seat on the subway. The higher up in the orbital you are, the further away from the center of the Earth (or nucleus in this case) you are.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a social science student is to think of the electrons as people. The orbit is like the location where they are standing (e.g. in the park, at school, at work, etc.).	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student may be able to understand the body's first line of defense by thinking about a city's police force. The police are the first responders who are always on duty and prepared to deal with any emergency situation that arises. In the same way, white blood cells are the body's first line of defense against infection and illness. They circulate throughout the bloodstream, constantly on patrol for potential threats.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The body's first line of defense is similar to a military outpost. It is the area that is most heavily guarded and defended. The body's first line of defense includes the skin, mucous membranes, and tears. These areas are designed to keep out bacteria, viruses, and other foreign invaders.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The first line of defense in the body is similar to a military fort. The soldiers (white blood cells) are constantly patrolling the borders and looking for any invaders that might try to enter. If they find something, they will attack and destroy it.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A macrophage is like a bouncer at a club. They are always on the lookout for anything that could be harmful and they will get rid of it quickly.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Macrophages can be thought of as the "army" of the immune system. They are white blood cells that patrol the body, looking for anything that doesn't belong there (like bacteria, viruses, or other foreign invaders). When they find something that's not supposed to be in the body, they gobble it up and destroy it.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A macrophage can be best described as a “big brother” or “big sister” of the immune system. Like a big brother or sister, macrophages are always around to help out when needed and are always keeping an eye on things. Macrophages patrol the body for anything that doesn’t look right, such as bacteria, viruses, or damaged cells. When they find something suspicious, they sound the alarm by releasing chemicals that summon other parts of the immune system to deal with the threat.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to help explain t-helper cells to a social science student would be to compare them to the police force. The police are responsible for maintaining law and order in society, and they work with other parts of the government (like the courts) to do this. In much the same way, t-helper cells are responsible for regulating the immune system and working with other cells (like B-cells) to do so.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a social science student would be that they are like the police officers of the immune system. They help to coordinate and oversee the activities of other cells in order to protect the body from infection or disease.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a social science student would be as follows: just as the police are essential for maintaining law and order in society, t-helper cells are essential for maintaining immune system function and preventing disease. The police keep track of what is going on in society and respond when they need to; t-helper cells do the same thing with respect to the body's immune system, tracking down infection and responding when necessary.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain B-lymphocytes to a social science student would be that they are the police officers of the immune system. They patrol the body and look for any signs of infection or disease. When they find something, they alert other cells in the immune system so that they can work together to fight off the threat.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain B-lymphocytes to a social science student would be to compare them to the police force. The police are responsible for maintaining law and order in society, and just like B-lymphocytes protect our bodies from infection, the police protect our society from criminals.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student is as follows: just as the police department is responsible for maintaining law and order in a city, b-lymphocytes are responsible for destroying pathogens that enter the body.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like a police force. They patrol the body and look for any signs of infection or disease. If they find something, they will attack and destroy the cells that are causing the problem.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain cytotoxic T-lymphocytes to a social science student is as follows: Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and seek out and destroy any cells that are not healthy, including cancer cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cytotoxic T-lymphocyte can be best described as a "police officer" of the immune system. This cell is responsible for locating and destroying cells that are infected or have been damaged, in order to protect the body from infection or disease.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
A good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student is an example of a group of people breaking into someone's house. The bacteria are like the people and the host's cells are like the homeowner's belongings. just as the burglars invade and take what they want from within the home, so too do the bacteria invade and take what they want from within the host cell.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A bacterial invasion is like an army invading a country. The bacteria are the invaders and they are trying to take over the country (the person's body). The person's immune system is the defense against the invasion.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student might understand the concept of invasion of bacteria if it is explained using an analogy. For example, imagine that your body is a house and the bacteria are invading pests like ants or cockroaches. Just as you would take measures to get rid of these pests in your house, you need to take action to eliminate the invading bacteria from your body. This may involve taking antibiotics or other medications, as well as maintaining good hygiene habits.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to action potential would be to compare it to a crowd of people. Each person is an individual, but when they all get together, they create one large group that can take action. The same thing happens with the cells in our body- each cell has its own individual functions, but when they all work together, they create one giant action potential that travels throughout our body.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy for an action potential to a social science student would be to describe it as similar to a crowd of people in a stadium who are all sitting down. If someone stands up and starts clapping, soon enough everyone else in the stadium will start clapping too. This is because the person who started clapping created an action potential (or wave of energy) that spread throughout the stadium.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain action potential to a social science student is as follows: imagine you are at a concert and the band is playing your favorite song. The music starts off quietly, but gets louder and louder as the song progresses. This increase in volume corresponds to an increase in voltage (or energy) in the sound waves. Just like those sound waves, electrical impulses also grow in strength as they travel down our nerves.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One way to think about chromatography is as though it is a kind of “sorting” process. When you put a piece of paper in a inkjet printer, the printhead sprays tiny droplets of ink onto the page. As the paper moves through the printer, the droplets dry and create an image on the page. If you look at a close-up view of an individual dot from an inkjet print, you can see that it is not just one color; instead, it is made up of many different colors mixed together. This is because when the droplets hit the paper they are not all traveling at exactly the same speed. Some will move faster than others, and this will cause them to spread out slightly on the page. The different colors in each dot will then dry at different speeds, creating a multicolored image.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Chromatography is like a fingerprint. Each type of molecule has a unique "fingerprint" that can be used to identify it. This is why scientists use chromatography to figure out what compounds are in a given sample.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain the experiment of chromatography to a social science student is to imagine that they are looking at a very large jigsaw puzzle. The individual pieces of the puzzle are all mixed together and it is difficult to see the complete picture. However, by using chromatography, each piece can be separated from the others and then reassembled in order to create a clear image of the puzzle.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student would be to say that the lifetime of a star is like the average lifespan of a human. Just as there are some humans who live into their 90s and others who die in their 20s, there are stars that burn brightly for billions of years and others that blaze for only a few million.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain the main-sequence lifetimes of stars is that they are like batteries. A battery has a certain amount of energy it can give off and when it is used up, it dies. The same is true for stars. They have a certain amount of fuel they can use and when they run out, they die.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain the main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student is that stars are like people. As people age, they move along a continuum from infancy to old age. Similarly, as stars age, they move along a continuum from infancy (when they are fusing hydrogen gas) to old age (when they have stopped fusion and become white dwarfs).	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A nucleus can be thought of as the brain or command center of a cell. Just as the brain controls all aspects of a human body, the nucleus oversees all activities within a cell. The nucleus is made up of DNA, which contains all the genetic information needed to direct the growth and development of cells.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A nucleus can be thought of as the "core" or central part of something. For example, in a social science context, one might think of the nucleus as being akin to the center of a family unit or community. Just as importantly, the nucleus is also responsible for generating energy (in this case, social), which then spreads out and affects everything around it.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain the nucleus to a social science student is as follows: The nucleus can be thought of as the "brain" of a cell. It controls all of the cellular functions and manages the genetic information within the cell. Similarly, in society, the government plays a similar role in controlling all aspects of society and managing important social resources.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes can be compared to a construction site. The ribosomes are like the workers who are building the protein and the mRNA is like the blueprint for the protein.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the factories in a city. They take the raw materials, which come into the city from all over, and they turn them into products that people use. Ribosomes are responsible for making all of the proteins in our cells.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Ribosomes are like the workers in a factory. The DNA is like the instruction manual and the ribosomes read the instructions and put together the proteins.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is a lot like the postal service. It takes parcels (packages of proteins) from one part of the cell and delivers them to another part.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The Golgi apparatus is similar to the postal service. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, sorts them according to type and destination, and then sends them on their way (to other parts of the cell or outside of the cell).	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A golgi apparatus is like a postal service. It receives messages (digestive enzymes from the pancreas) and sends them to different parts of the cell (the lysosomes).	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A lysosome is a small, round sac that is found in the cytoplasm of cells. Its job is to break down food and other materials into smaller pieces so that the cell can use them.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
Lysosomes are like garbage cans in your cells. Anything that is not needed or broken down by the cell gets dumped into the lysosome to be recycled.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain lysosomes to a social science student would be to compare them to the digestive system of the body. Lysosomes are responsible for breaking down and digesting materials within the cell, similar to how the digestive system breaks down food in the stomach.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A nuclear envelope can be thought of as similar to the outer membrane of a cell. Just as that membrane encloses the contents of the cell, so does the nuclear envelope surround the nucleus. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, each with its own set of proteins. These proteins help regulate what goes in and out of the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A nuclear envelope can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. It is responsible for allowing certain things in and keeping others out. In the case of the nucleus, the envelope allows substances like proteins and RNA to enter, while preventing DNA from leaving.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A nuclear envelope can be thought of as the social security system for a country. It is in place to protect citizens from harm and ensure they have the resources they need to live safely.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A balloon is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to social science students. The air inside the balloon is analogous to the water in a vacuole. Both are enclosed by a thin membrane. When you squeeze the balloon, the air pressure squeezes out of any holes and causes the balloon to collapse. This is analogous to how vacuoles shrink when they lose water.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A vacuole can be described as a container that is used to store things. It is similar to how a student would use a backpack to store textbooks and other school supplies. The backpack would be the vacuole, and the textbooks and other supplies would be the things being stored.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A vacuum cleaner is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to a social science student. Vacuum cleaners have a large container that collects dirt and debris. This container can be emptied when it becomes full. In the same way, vacuoles are containers in cells that collect waste products. When they become full, the contents of the vacuole are expelled from the cell.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain cytoplasm would be to say that it is like a city. The nucleus would be the downtown area with all of the important buildings and institutions, while the cytoplasm would be the suburbs with all of the houses and businesses.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a social science student would be to imagine the cytoplasm as a city. The nucleus is the mayor and the genes are the citizens. The mitochondria are the factories and the proteins are the workers.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a social science student would be to compare it to the bloodstream in humans. Cytoplasm is the liquid within cells that contains proteins, enzymes, and other molecules needed for cell function. The bloodstream carries oxygen and nutrients throughout the body and removes waste products. In much the same way, cytoplasm circulates proteins, enzymes, and other molecules throughout the cell and helps remove wastes.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes are similar to books in a library. Just as each book has its own unique identification number (call number), each chromosome has a specific location on the DNA molecule (its locus).	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes are like books in a library. The chromosomes contain all of the genetic information for an organism.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Chromosomes are like books in a library. The library has many, many books and each book is unique. Similarly, chromosomes have many genes and each gene is unique.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Cytosol is to cells as plasma is to blood. Cytosol is the liquid within cells that contains organelles and other cellular components. Plasma is the liquid component of blood that contains red and white blood cells, nutrients, and waste products.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Cytosol is like the bloodstream of a social science student. It carries oxygen and other essential nutrients to all parts of the body, enabling them to function optimally. In the same way, cytosol provides the necessary resources for cells in the body of a social science student to communicate with one another and carry out their various functions.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cytosol analogy that might work for a social science student is to think of it as the country’s water supply. The water in the cytosol is like the blood coursing through our veins, delivering essential nutrients and oxygen to all parts of the body. Just as important, the cytosolic water helps flush away waste products so they don’t build up and cause harm.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain a cell to a social science student would be to say that it is like a small city. Cells have many different parts that work together to keep the cell running. Just as in a city, each part of the cell has a specific job and purpose.	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy for a cell to a social science student would be that the cell is like a city and the social science student is like an urban planner. The cell has many different parts that work together to keep the city running smoothly. The urban planner studies how these parts work together and tries to create plans that will make the city run more efficiently.	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain cell to a social science student would be to think of cells as the building blocks of society. Just as each cell has a specific job within the body, different people in society have specialized roles that contribute to the overall functioning of society.	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A vesicle is like a container that can hold things. It's like a small bag or pouch.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain vesicles to a social science student would be comparing them to bubbles. Just as bubbles rise up in water, vesicles float within cells and carry materials around the cell.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A vesicle is a small sac-like structure, similar in size and shape to a blister. Vesicles are often filled with fluid or gas, and can be found in various parts of the body, including the brain, skin, and lungs.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cell wall can be best explained as a brick wall in a house. The bricks are the cells and the mortar is the cell wall.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a city wall. The cells are the citizens and the cell wall is the barrier that protects them from invasion.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cell wall is like a fortress that protects the cells inside from harm. It is made up of strong materials that can withstand pressure and damage.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student might understand cells as being similar to people in a city. Cells are the basic unit of life just as people are the basic unit of society. Each cell has specific functions, just as each person in a city has specific functions (working, shopping, etc.). Cells communicate with one another and cooperate to carry out essential tasks for the organism just as people communicate and cooperate to carry out essential tasks for society.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Social science students might think of cells as being similar to people in a city. Just like each person has their own individual identity, each cell has its own specific function within the body. Cells work together to create a functioning whole, just as people in a city work together to create a community.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain cells to a social science student is as follows: Cells are like the citizens of a city. The city has many different types of people who each have their own job or role in contributing to the functioning of the city. Similarly, cells have different parts that work together to allow the cell to function.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The cell membrane can be likened to the skin of an onion. It is a thin, outer layer that protects the inner workings of the cell. Just as you would not want to cut into an onion without peeling off its skin, you do not want to damage the cell membrane or it could allow harmful substances inside.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cell membrane is like a the border between two countries. It is what separates the inside of the country from everything outside it. The cell membrane controls what goes in and out of the cells, just like a border control agent decides who can come into a country and who has to stay out.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cell membrane can be thought of as a border or fence. It is what separates the inside of the cell from the outside world. The membrane controls what goes in and out of the cell, allowing some things to pass while keeping others out.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A golgi body is like a postal worker. It receives messages (packages) from other parts of the cell, processes them, and sends them off to their final destination.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A golgi body is like a post office. It receives packages (endoplasmic reticulum) from all over the cell and sorts them out before sending them off to their final destination.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain golgi body to a social science student is like the post office. The post office receives mail from all over, sorts it, and distributes it to the correct addresses. The golgi body does something similar with proteins. It receives them from all over the cell, sorts them, and distributes them to the correct places.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A capacitor is a bit like a container of water. If you have a large container, it will take longer to fill up than if you have a small one. This is because there is more space for the water to flow into in the smaller container. A capacitor works in much the same way - it has an electrode on each side, and electrons can flow freely between them. The more surface area that is available, the more capacitance there will be.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A capacitor is like a bucket of water. If you fill the bucket with water and then touch the metal handle, you will get an electric shock. The shock is because of the capacitance of the water in the bucket.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A capacitance is a measure of the ability of an electric field to store energy in an electric potential. A capacitor is constructed of two metal plates separated by a dielectric material. The capacitance can be increased by increasing the surface area of the plates, decreasing the distance between the plates or using a more conductive dielectric material.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
A current of electricity is a lot like a flow of water. Just as the amount of water in a river can vary depending on how much it has rained, the strength (or voltage) of an electric current can vary depending on how much power is supplied to it. Just as a dam can be used to control the flow of water in a river, so too can resistors and other electronic components be used to control the flow of electricity in circuits. And just as rivers eventually find their way to the ocean, electric currents eventually find their way back to ground through electrical wiring and metal objects placed in their path.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Electricity is a lot like water. Just as water flows downhill, electricity flows through wires in the same way. The voltage is like the pressure of the water, and the current is like the flow rate of the water.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A current of electricity can be thought of as a flow of water. Just as the rate at which water flows through a pipe is determined by the size of the pipe and the amount of pressure pushing on it, so too is the rate of electric current determined by the size of the wire and the amount of voltage (pressure) pushing on it.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A voltage is like a water pressure. Just as water can flow through a pipe at different rates depending on the pressure (the higher the pressure, the faster the water flows), electric current will flow through a wire at different speeds depending on the voltage (the higher the voltage, the faster the current flows).	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Voltage is a bit like water pressure. Just as high water pressure can push water through a hose faster and farther than low pressure, a high voltage can push electricity through wires faster and farther than low voltage.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One way to think about voltage is as if it is water pressure. Just as water flows through a pipe due to the pressure of the water behind it, electricity flows through a wire due to the voltage (or pressure) of the electricity behind it.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cell is like a small city. Each part of the cell has a specific job to do, just like different parts of a city have different jobs. The cells in your body work together to create tissues and organs, just like different parts of a city work together to create neighborhoods and businesses. Cells need to be able to communicate with each other so that they can all do their jobs correctly.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One way to think about the relationship between specialization and communication in a cell is to analogy it to the way that people specialize in different jobs within a society, and how they communicate with each other to complete tasks. For example, some people may be specialized in farming, while others are specialized in carpentry. In order for these people to work together effectively, they need to communicate with each other about what needs to be done and how it should be done.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to a social science student is the comparison of a city. A city has many different types of people who all have their own specialized job. For example, there are police officers, firefighters, doctors, lawyers, etc. Each person has a specific role they play in order for the city to function properly. In the same way, cells have different specialized parts that work together to keep the cell functioning properly. Cells communicate with each other through chemical signals in order to relay information and coordinate activities.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A kirchoff's voltage law analogy for a social science student would be to think of the electric company as a big, complex machine. This machine has many parts - including wires, transformers, and generators - that all work together to create electricity. Just like with any other machine, if one part of the electric company is not working properly, it can affect the entire system.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain Kirchoff's voltage law to a social science student is as follows: imagine you are at a party with a bunch of friends. You are all talking and having a great time together. Suddenly, someone turns on the music really loud. What happens? The conversation becomes louder and more animated in order to compete with the noise from the music. In much the same way, electric current (the flow of electrons) creates a "noise" that needs to be overcome if it is going to affect an electrical circuit (like your conversation at the party). This "noise" is known as voltage, and Kirchoff's Voltage Law states that it must always add up to zero.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy for Kirchhoff's voltage law is the flow of traffic in a city. Just as cars need to follow certain rules (e.g., stop at red lights, yield to oncoming traffic) in order to keep the flow of traffic moving smoothly, electrical current also needs to abide by certain rules in order to avoid creating chaos. One of these rules is Kirchhoff's voltage law, which states that the sum of all voltages around a closed loop must be zero.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A density wave is like a group of people walking together in an orderly fashion. The people are close together at the beginning and end of the wave, but there is more space between them as they move through the middle.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One way to think about a density wave is as if it's an energetic tsunami moving through a population. Just as the wave crest moves fastest and the trough lags behind, so too does the peak in births (or any other measure of "energy") precede the low point. As people move out of one age group and into another, they carry with them some of the earlier group's energy, creating bumps and dips along the way.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A density wave can be thought of as a pulse that travels through a population. Births and deaths create the pulse, with more births than deaths leading to an increase in population size and visa versa.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that run inside of your cells. They help to break down large molecules into smaller pieces so that they can be used by the cell for energy or to build new proteins.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
Enzymes are like tools in a tool box. Each enzyme can do specific job, and the right combination of enzymes can do almost anything.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help the body digest food. They work by cutting large molecules into smaller pieces so that the body can use them for energy or to build new tissues.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
The human active memory system can be best explained as an office space. The "office" is where all of the important information is stored and it is accessible to the individual whenever they need it. The "office" has many different folders, each containing specific types of information. To keep everything organized, the folders are labeled and sorted accordingly. In order to remember something, the individual must first store it in their "office." They can do this by either writing it down or by mentally committing it to memory. The next time they need to access that information, they simply have to go into their "office" and find the relevant folder.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A human's active memory system is like a computer. The RAM (random access memory) stores the information that is being actively used, while the hard drive holds all of the other information that has been stored. When you need to use some of the information from the hard drive, you can access it by loading it into RAM.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The human active memory system is like a computer. The computer has a hard drive, which is where all of the information is stored. The computer also has random access memory (RAM), which is where the information that you are working on currently is stored. When you need to access the information, your brain acts as the CPU and retrieves it from either the hard drive or RAM.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a chemical reaction. This analogy might help explain it to a social science student: think about how quickly a conversation can move when everyone is on the same page, and compare that to how slowly a conversation can move when one person is talking and the other people are not paying attention. The rate-determining step would be like the people who are not paying attention in the conversation—they are slowing down the whole process.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain the rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student is that it is like the slowest person in a race. Just as that person determines the speed of the entire race, so too does the rate-determining step determine how quickly or slowly a reaction proceeds.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. This analogy can be used to explain how different steps in a social science process can impact the speed of the overall process. For example, if you are trying to get from point A to point B as quickly as possible, but there is a lot of traffic at point C, you will likely have to take a longer route and spend more time traveling. In this analogy, Point A would represent the beginning of the social science process, Point B would represent the end of the process, and Point C would represent any obstacle or delay that slows down progress between Points A and B.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A column chromatography is like a grocery store. The different types of food (the different compounds) are lined up on the shelves and the customer can choose what they want to buy.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Column chromatography is like a maze. The solvent travels through the maze, and as it does so, it separates the different compounds in the sample. The compounds travel at different speeds through the maze, so they separate out into different bands (or "colums") as they move along.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Column chromatography is like a sorting machine. The different compounds in the mixture are sorted based on how they interact with the column. The most soluble compounds move through the column faster and are at the top of the column. The least soluble compounds move through the column slower and are at the bottom of the column.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The best analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium is a party. Imagine that you have invited a lot of people to your house for a party and set out food and drinks. Initially, the food and drinks will be consumed at a rapid rate as everyone digs in. However, as more people arrive and the initial excitement wears off, people will start to eat and drink more slowly. The same thing happens with chemical reactions; when they are first started, the reaction occurs quickly as all of the reactants are used up. However, as time goes on and new reactants are introduced into the reaction mixture, the reaction slows down until it reaches equilibrium where the rates of formation and destruction of products are equal.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student would be to say that it is like two people pushing on a door. The first person pushes the door open, and the second person pushes it closed. The first person then tries to push it open again, but the second person keeps pushing back, so the door stays closed.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium is the example of a basketball team. When one player throws the ball to another, it doesn't stay stationary in mid-air; rather, it moves continuously until one player catches it. In the same way, atoms and molecules are always moving around in a liquid or gas, even if they're at rest. If more molecules of one type are introduced into the system than there are of another type (for instance, if you put more oxygen gas into a container than nitrogen), then those molecules will start moving faster and pushing other molecules out of the way until an equilibrium is reached where every molecule has an equal chance of being in any given spot.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is a storage space in a cell. It can be compared to a closet in a house. The closet is used for storing clothes, and the vacuole is used for storing other cell materials.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A vacuole is like a small room in your house. It's not very big, but it has all the essentials - a bed, a desk, a chair. The walls are thin and you can see and hear what's going on in other rooms.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a container inside the cell that stores different materials. Just like you might use a box or bag to store things, the vacuole stores different molecules and particles inside the cell.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain transport vesicles to a social science student is that they are like cars on a freeway. The cars (transport vesicles) are all traveling in the same direction and at the same speed.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a small bus that transports goods from one part of the city to another. The goods are loaded onto the bus at one location and unloaded at another. In this analogy, the city is the cell and the different parts of the city represent different organelles within the cell.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a social science student would be to compare them with buses. Just as buses take people from one place to another, transport vesicles take molecules from one place in the cell to another.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A proto-oncogene is like a tumor suppressor gene's "little brother." Just as a tumor suppressor gene helps keep tumors from developing, proto-oncogenes help keep cells in check, preventing them from becoming cancerous. But sometimes, through mutations or other changes, a proto-oncogene can become overactive and contribute to the development of cancer.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a social science student is that they are like traffic lights. They help control the flow of information and keep everything organized. But if something goes wrong with them, they can start sending out too much information or not enough, leading to chaos.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A proto-oncogene is like a regular gene, except that it has the potential to cause cancer. Just as a regular gene can make proteins that perform essential functions in the body, proto-oncogenes can produce proteins that help cells grow and divide abnormally, leading to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to a social science student would be that they are like viruses. Just as viruses can infect healthy cells and make them become sick, oncogenes can turn normal cells into cancer cells.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to a social science student would be the comparison of oncogenes to infectious diseases. Just as an infection can spread and cause illness in a person, oncogenes can mutate and cause cancer cells to grow and spread. Oncogenes are like viruses that can infect healthy cells and turn them into cancerous tumors.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to a social science student is that they are like traffic lights. They help control the flow of traffic and keep things moving smoothly. However, if there is a problem with the traffic light, it can cause chaos and gridlock. Oncogenes work in a similar way. They help regulate cell growth and prevent cancer from forming. But if something goes wrong with an oncogene, it can allow cancer cells to grow out of control.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes is that they are the "police force" of the cell. They help keep the cells organized and functioning properly, and when there is a problem (e.g., a mutation leading to cancer), they help fix it.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a security guard at a bank. The security guard's job is to make sure that no one steals any money from the bank. If someone tries to steal money, the security guard will stop them. Tumor suppressor genes do the same thing in our bodies. They stop tumors from growing and spreading.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a security guard for the body. It helps to keep tumors from forming by stopping cells from dividing too much or in the wrong way.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain brittle software to a social science student is as follows: imagine that you have just created an incredibly intricate and delicate snowflake. Now, imagine that someone steps on it. The snowflake is now ruined – it’s no longer the beautiful creation that it once was. This is what happens with brittle software; a small change or problem can cause the entire system to break down.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain brittle software to a social science student is that it can be seen as a toothpick. Toothpicks are fine when used for their intended purpose, but if too much weight is applied they will snap. In the same way, software can work well when used for its intended purpose, but if too much load is put on it (i.e., by trying to use it for something it was not designed for), it will break.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student might not be familiar with the concept of software, so a good analogy would be to compare it to something they are familiar with. For example, brittle software can be compared to a glass vase. Just like how a small bump or knock can easily break a glass vase, even the smallest change or bug in brittle software can cause it to crash or malfunction.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a social science student is an example of two people, John and Jane, who are dating. They have similar interests, personalities, and goals. Over time, they become more and more alike. Their relationship becomes stronger as they share more in common.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy for resonance hybridization to a social science student would be two people who are attracted to each other and share many of the same interests. They spend time together and eventually marry. Over time, their individual characteristics may change, but they will always have shared memories and experiences that brought them together in the first place. In the same way, two atoms that are attracted to each other due to their similar electron configurations will hybridize their orbitals and create a new resonance hybrid atom.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a social science student would be to say that it is similar to a mix of different colors. Just as the different colors create a new color when mixed together, the different energy levels in the atoms create a new energy level when they are combined.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A wave mechanical model can be best explained as an example of a large group of people walking in rhythm. Just as the individuals in the group create waves of movement by synchronizing their steps, so too do the particles that make up a molecule interact with one another to create waves of motion.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain the wave mechanical model to a social science student is waves crashing on the beach. Just as individual waves crash onto the shore and eventually dissipate, so too does energy disperse through molecules in a gas or liquid according to the wave mechanics model.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A wave can be described as a traveling disturbance that propagates through a medium. This analogy can be used to explain the wave mechanical model to social science students. Just as a sound wave travels through the air, causing disturbances in pressure that propagate outwards, a light wave travels through space, causing disturbances in electric and magnetic fields that propagate outwards. The velocity of these waves is determined by the properties of the medium they are travelling through (e.g., air or space).	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a social science student is that it is like taking the pulse of the brain. It measures brain waves, which can tell us how active the brain is and what kind of activity it is engaged in.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student might understand an electroencephalogram (EEG) as a kind of brain scan. Just like a doctor can use an x-ray to see what is going on inside someone's body, they can use an EEG to see what is going on inside someone's brain.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain an electroencephalogram (EEG) to a social science student is that it is like taking the temperature of the brain. Just as doctors use a thermometer to measure a person's body temperature, EEGs can be used to measure the electrical activity in someone's brain.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Dna replication can be thought of as a photocopy machine. The original document is placed on the glass plate and the copy machine makes an exact replica. Dna replication works in a similar way. The dna molecule is placed on the template strand and it is replicated exactly.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One possible analogy to explain DNA replication to a social science student is as follows: Imagine that you have a book and you want to make an exact copy of it. To do so, you would need two things - the original book and some paper. You would begin by opening up the original book and copying down all of the text onto fresh pieces of paper. Once you have finished copying all of the text, you would then close up the original book and put it away somewhere safe. Finally, you would take your newly created copies of the book and give them to your friends or sell them in stores. This is essentially what happens during DNA replication - only instead of copying down text, genetic information is copied from one molecule of DNA to another.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Dna replication is like making a photocopy of a document. The original document is the dna molecule, and the photocopy is the new dna molecule.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain rna transcription to a social science student is the process of making a copy of a document. The document (rna molecule) is placed on the copier machine and a copy of it is made (rna transcript).	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
When a person speaks, the words that come out of their mouth are actually composed of smaller pieces called phonemes. Phonemes are made up of even smaller pieces called letters. Just as phonemes are composed of letters, genes are composed of nucleotides. Nucleotides make up the rna sequence which is transcribed from dna during gene transcription.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain RNA transcription to a social science student is that it is similar to taking a dictation. Just as the person taking the dictation repeats what they hear, the RNA polymerase reads and duplicates the genetic code from DNA.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
An analogy to explain protein translation to a social science student is as follows: just as a recipe calls for specific ingredients that are combined in a certain way to create a desired outcome, the genetic code stored within DNA functions similarly by providing the instructions for creating proteins. The sequence of nucleotides within DNA is "read" and "translated" into an amino acid sequence during protein synthesis. Just as different combinations of spices can result in varied flavors in cooking, so too do different sequences of amino acids produce unique proteins with their own individual characteristics.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A protein translation analogy to a social science student could be likened to the process of making a new movie. The producer assembles a team of people who have different skills- scriptwriters, directors, actors, set builders, lighting technicians, and so on. These people then each do their job to create the individual scenes that will make up the finished product. Finally, all the scenes are put together and we have a movie! In much the same way, proteins are assembled from smaller molecules (amino acids) by ribosomes working together. Each amino acid has its own specific role in creating the final protein structure.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A protein is like a sentence in a foreign language. The sentence is made up of smaller parts (words), and to understand the sentence, you need to know what the words mean. In order to translate the sentence, you need a dictionary (a list of translations). To create the protein, your body needs an instruction manual (the genetic code) and all of the necessary tools (amino acids).	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A human body is an analogy to explain ecosystem. The human body has different parts that all work together to keep the person alive and healthy- just like an ecosystem has different parts that all work together to keep the environment healthy.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student might not be familiar with the term "ecosystem." A good analogy to explain ecosystem would be to say that it is like a human body. The human body has different parts that work together to keep the whole functioning. Likewise, an ecosystem has different parts (plants, animals, decomposers) that work together to keep the whole functioning.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One way to think of an ecosystem is as a human body. The environment is the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the food we eat. The ecosystem includes all the plants, animals, and microorganisms in our surroundings. Just as our body needs oxygen, water, and food to survive, so does an ecosystem need clean air, fresh water, and healthy soil to thrive.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron would be to compare it to a series of buckets linked together. Each time someone pulls the chain on one bucket, the water flows down to the next. In this analogy, the "water" is the action potential and each "bucket" is a segment of the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student is like water flowing through a hose. The action potential travels down the neuron much like the water flows through the hose, and when it reaches the end of the neuron it triggers the release of neurotransmitters which communicate with other neurons.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student is as follows: imagine a parade passing through the city. The first group of people are at the front of the parade and they start dancing and waving flags. As each person in this group starts dancing, they begin to move forward. This then causes the next group of people behind them to start dancing and moving forward, and so on until the entire parade has moved along. In a similar way, an action potential begins at the beginning (soma) of a neuron and travels down its axon until it reaches the end.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs expand and contract as it breathes in and out. Frogs also have a system of small blood vessels called capillaries which allow them to exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide with their environment.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Breathing is similar to how a fan works. The fan has blades that spin and create a breeze. This breeze helps cool down the room. Frogs use their lungs like fans to help circulate air through their bodies.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog uses its lungs to breathe in and out just like humans do. However, frogs also have a mechanism called buccal pumping. Buccal pumping is when the frog sucks in air through its mouth and then forces it out through its nostrils. This extra mechanism allows the frog to get more oxygen into its system, which is especially important when the frog is underwater.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain layered architecture to a social science student is the Russian nesting dolls. Just as each smaller doll fits inside the larger one, features at each level of an information system can be nested within those at the next higher level.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A layered architecture is like a layer cake. Each layer sits on top of the one below it and contributes to the whole. The bottom layer is the foundation, and it supports the weight of the upper layers. The next layer up is the crust, which gives structure to the cake and holds in all of the delicious filling. And finally, there are all of those yummy layers that make up the bulk of the cake.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain layered architecture to a social science student would be like the layers of an onion. Each layer is separate from the other, but they are all connected.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student is as follows: imagine you are in a room with only ten pieces of candy. If every person took one piece of candy, there would be none left for anyone else. In this situation, the limiting reactant is the number of pieces of candy, and the amount of candy each person gets depends on how much they take before there is no more left. Now imagine that same room but with an unlimited number of pieces of candy. In this case, everyone could have as many pieces as they want and there would be no limit on how much anyone could eat. The excess reactant in this analogy is the number of pieces of candy; it's present in abundance and doesn't impose any limitations.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student would be that of two people trying to have a conversation in a noisy room. The person who is speaking is the limiting reactant, because their voice is being overpowered by the noise in the room. The person who is not speaking (and trying to listen) is the excess reactant, because they are not adding anything to the conversation.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student is by comparing it to food. Imagine that you are cooking a Thanksgiving dinner for your family. You need two ingredients for the meal-turkey and potatoes. If you only have one potato, then you can only make one dish with that potato. However, if you have 10 potatoes, then you can make 10 dishes with those potatoes. The turkey is the limiting reactant because it is needed in smaller quantity than the potatoes. The excess reactant is the potatoes because they are not needed in limited quantity like the turkey.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain a eukaryotic cell to a social science student would be like comparing the United States Congress to a small town. The U.S. Congress is made up of many smaller parts (representatives from each state), just as a eukaryotic cell has many smaller parts (proteins, organelles, etc.). Each part of the U.S. Congress works together to make decisions for the entire country, and each part of a eukaryotic cell works together to carry out its specific function within the cell.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a large company. It has many different divisions (organselles) that work together to keep the cell alive. The CEO (nucleus) controls everything and makes sure all the parts are working together.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a small country. Just as a country has many different parts that work together to make it function (e.g., the military, government, economy, etc.), a eukaryotic cell has many different parts that work together to make it function (e.g., proteins, organelles, DNA, etc.). Each part has a specific job and purpose within the cell just as each part of a country has a specific job and purpose within the nation.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small independent city. It has all the functions of a city (production, waste disposal, communication, etc.), but it is much smaller in size and scope.	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small society, where the cells work together to achieve a common goal. Just as in a human society, there is a hierarchy of roles within the prokaryotic cell and each role has specific responsibilities. The cells communicate with one another to ensure that everyone is on the same page and working towards the same goal.	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. It has a mayor (the ribosome), citizens (the proteins and DNA), and it functions to keep the town running smoothly (by producing energy and replicating).	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student might not be familiar with computer terminology, but they might be familiar with the term "kernel." A kernel is the most important part of an operating system. It's responsible for managing all the other parts of the system and ensuring that everything works together properly. In a way, it's like the brain of the computer. Just as your brain controls all the functions of your body, the kernel controls all the functions of the operating system.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain an operating system kernel to a social science student would be to compare it to the human brain. The kernel is the part of the operating system that is in charge of managing all of the other components and ensuring that they are working together properly. It oversees everything that goes on within the system, just as the brain controls all of the functions of the human body.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The kernel of an operating system is like the brain of a human. It controls and oversees everything that goes on in the body, just as the kernel controls and oversees everything that goes on in a computer. The brain can't do anything without input from the senses, and the kernel can't do anything without input from software applications.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The best analogy to explain limiting reactant would be to compare it with a food. The food is the reactant and there are a certain number of calories or nutrients in that food. If you eat more than your body needs, you will get fat. If you eat too little, you will not have enough energy. It is the same with chemical reactions- if there is more of one reactant than the other, the reaction will stop until equilibrium is reached where both reactants are used up equally.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a social science student would be to compare it to food. In order for the body to function properly, it needs a certain amount of protein, carbohydrates, and fat. If someone only consumes protein then their body will not get the other nutrients it needs and they will become malnourished. The same concept applies with limiting reactants in chemistry. If there is only one type of molecule present in a reaction then that molecule will be used up first and the reaction will stop.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a social science student would be to say that it is like having only so many seats at a dinner table. If too many people try to sit down, someone will have to stand up. The same is true for chemical reactions - if there are too many molecules trying to participate in the reaction, then not all of them will be able to and the reaction will slow down.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A helicase is a protein that helps DNA strands separate during replication. It functions a bit like a zipper, unzipping the double helix so new DNA can be created.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
A helicase can be thought of as a social worker who helps to keep the peace and resolve disputes within a family or community. Just as the social worker listens to both sides of an argument and tries to find common ground, the helicase helps DNA strands untangle so that they can be read correctly.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Helicase is a molecular motor that unwinds DNA strands. It can be compared to an electric drill that removes screws from a board. Just as the drill spins rapidly and extracts the screws, helicase unwinds the DNA strands by spinning rapidly.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be seen as the glue that holds DNA together. They help to keep the strands of DNA together and in place while the replication process occurs. In a social science context, these proteins can be thought of as analogous to social cohesion mechanisms such as laws, rules, and regulations. Just like these cohesion mechanisms hold a society together, the DNA replication binding proteins hold DNA together and help it function correctly.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Replication binding proteins can be thought of as the bouncers at a club. They are responsible for making sure that only people who are allowed into the club (i.e., those with a valid ID) are able to get in. In the same way, replication binding proteins help make sure that DNA is copied accurately during replication.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Replication binding proteins can be thought of as a set of social security numbers assigned to each piece of DNA. Just as social security numbers are used to track individuals and their associated information, replication binding proteins help keep track of which pieces of DNA are being replicated and where they go during the process.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Ligase can be thought of as a type of glue. Just as with regular glue, ligase helps to bind two pieces of DNA together, thus helping to form a new piece of DNA.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Ligase is to DNA as a staple gun is to paper. Just as a staple gun fastens two pieces of paper together, ligase links two strands of DNA together.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A ligase is like a zipper. It connects two pieces of fabric together to form a seam.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A process control block (PCB) can be thought of as a traffic controller for tasks or jobs that need to be completed. The PCB manages the flow of these tasks, ensuring that they are completed in an orderly and timely fashion.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A common analogy used to explain a process control block (PCB) is that of a traffic light. A PCB manages the flow of data packets between network devices, similar to how a traffic light controls the flow of cars at an intersection. When a packet arrives at the PCB, it is analyzed and then either passed on or dropped, depending on the rules set up for that particular circuit.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A process control block can be compared to a traffic light. Just as the traffic light controls the movement of cars through an intersection, a process control block controls the flow of data and instructions through a computer system.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A message encoding is similar to mailing a letter. You put your message inside an envelope, add a stamp, and put it in the mailbox. The Postal Service will take your letter to the right place and deliver it to the person you addressed it to. Similarly, when you encode a message, you put it into a format that can be transmitted over a network or sent through email. The recipient's computer will decode the message and display it on their screen.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A message encoding is similar to translating a text from one language to another. The original message is unchanged, but it takes on a new form that can be read by someone who does not understand the original language.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain message encoding to a social science student is the process of translating a text from one language into another. The translator must first understand the meaning of the text in order to encode it into the new language.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to describe how drugs interact with receptor sites is that it is like a key fitting into a lock. The drug is the key and the receptor site is the lock. When the key (drug) fits perfectly into the lock (receptor site), the door (cell) opens and allows whatever was hidden inside to come out.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites is that of a lock and key. The drug is the key, and the receptor site is the lock. When the two meet, they fit together perfectly, like puzzle pieces, which allows for chemical communication to take place.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain drug-receptor interactions is that of a key and a lock. Drugs can be thought of as the keys, while receptor sites are the locks. Just as different keys fit different locks, so do different drugs interact with different receptor sites.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A monitor is like a window into another world. It allows you to see what is happening on the other side, without having to be there yourself.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A monitor is like a large television screen. It is used to display information for people to see.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A monitor is like a television. It is a device that people use to watch programs or videos.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A cpu can be thought of as the "brain" of a computer. It is responsible for processing all of the instructions that are given to it by software programs and returning the correct results. In much the same way, social scientists analyze data and information in order to understand human behavior.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A CPU can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It handles all the calculations that need to take place in order for programs and applications to run. Just like our brains handle all the complex tasks we do on a daily basis, CPUs handle all the complex calculations that go into running a computer.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A CPU can be compared to a brain. The brain is constantly processing information, making decisions, and directing the body. In the same way, a CPU processes information, makes decisions, and controls the computer.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the skeleton or frame of a house. It provides the structure on which everything else is built. In the same way, a motherboard provides the foundation for all the other components in a computer.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the key components of a computer, such as the central processing unit (CPU), memory, and input/output (I/O) ports.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the social equivalent of a brain. It coordinates and oversees all the different functions that are going on in a society, making sure that everything is working together smoothly. Just like our brains need input from all of our senses to function properly, a motherboard needs information from all corners of society in order to make informed decisions.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A ram is a male sheep. Rams are used for their meat and wool.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain ram would be to say that they are like bulls in the sense that they are both aggressive and dominant. Rams will butt their heads against each other as a way of establishing dominance, and bulls use their horns in much the same way.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Ram is like a bulldozer. It clears the way for other things to happen by pushing through obstacles.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A power supply unit can be compared to a gasoline tank in a car. The power supply unit provides the electrical energy that is needed to run the computer, while the gasoline in the car's tank powers the engine.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a battery. It is a device that supplies electrical energy to an appliance or electronic device. Just like a battery, the power supply unit has a certain voltage and amperage rating that it needs to supply in order for the appliance to function properly.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A power supply unit can be compared to a fuel tank in a car. Just as the fuel tank supplies gasoline to the engine, the power supply unit provides electricity to the computer components.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A keyboard can be thought of as a type of map. Just as maps help people understand their surroundings, keyboards help computer users understand the digital world around them.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A keyboard can be compared to a typewriter. When you type on a keyboard, the letters appear on the screen in the same order as when you press them on the keyboard.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A keyboard is like a group of people standing in a line, with each person holding on to the person in front of them.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A mouse is like a tiny person who lives in your computer.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A mouse is like a person who lives in a small house.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is often used as a symbol of vulnerability.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
A good analogy to explain an audio card to a social science student would be to compare it to a microphone. The audio card is like the microphone, and the computer is like the person speaking into the microphone. The audio card collects the sound from the microphone (the computer), processes it, and sends it back out so that you can hear what is being said.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
An audio card can be thought of as a translator between the digital language of computers and the analog language of sound. Just like a foreign exchange student, the audio card helps different languages communicate with each other.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
An audio card is like a sound system for your computer. It allows you to play music, sounds, and other audio files on your computer.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A video card is like a translator between the computer's processor and the display. It converts digital information into an image that can be displayed on the monitor.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A video card is like a translator between your computer's hardware and the software that you see on your screen. It takes the instructions from the software (like when you click on an icon to open a program) and turns them into something that your computer's hardware can understand. Then it sends those instructions back to the monitor so you can see what's happening on-screen.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A video card is a bit like your computer's brain. It helps to control what you see on the screen by processing all of the information that goes into creating an image.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One way to think about how trees calculate their age is by imagining a tree as a stack of coins. Every year that passes, another coin is added to the top of the stack. So, if you were to go visit a tree today that was planted exactly one year ago, you would find that there is only one coin at the base of the tree. If you went back to visit that same tree in 365 days from now, you would find an additional 366 coins (one for each day in a year) at the base of the tree - representing how much growth has occurred in just one year.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One way to think about a tree's age calculation is by imagining that the tree is a human. To find out how old someone is, you would add together all of the years they have been alive. The same principle applies to trees - you add together all of the years since the tree's last growth ring (a circle on the trunk or branch where new wood tissue has formed).	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
When you put a number in your bank account, the bank doesn't just look at that day's deposits and withdrawals. It looks at all of the deposits and withdrawals since the time your account was opened. Similarly, when scientists calculate how old a tree is, they don't just look at how much growth has happened in the last year. They look at all of the growth that has happened since the tree first started growing.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain glycolysis to a social science student is to compare it to the economy. The process of glycolysis can be thought of as the production of energy (money) by breaking down glucose (economic output). Just as there are various factors that contribute to the overall health of an economy, such as tax rates and government spending, there are also many factors that influence the efficiency of glycolysis, including enzyme levels and pH balance.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Glycolysis is the process that converts glucose, a simple sugar, into energy. It can be thought of as the body's "fuel pump" because it provides the energy cells need to carry out their functions.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain glycolysis to a social science student is that it is the process of turning sugar into energy. Just as people need food to produce energy, so does yeast need sugar to turn into alcohol.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to social science students is the comparison of light waves to people on a dance floor. Just as people move away from one another on the dance floor, light waves also scatter in all directions when they interact. Anti-stokes scattering is then analogous to dancers moving towards each other on the dance floor.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student is the example of throwing a rock into a still pond. The ripples that are created from the impact of the rock keep spreading out until they eventually die away. In contrast, if you threw a pebble into the same pond, it would create smaller and shorter-lived ripples than the rock.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student is the reflection of light off a mirror. When light shines on a mirror, it is reflected back in the opposite direction. This occurs because the photons in the light collide with electrons in the mirror, and they bounce off each other. The same thing happens when light hits a particle that has been excited by an external energy source. The photon bounces off of the excited particle and loses some of its energy in the process. This is known as anti-stokes scattering	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a social science student is the example of throwing a rock into a pond. The ripples that are created when the rock hits the water are an example of stokes scattering.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a social science student is the way in which light scatters off of water droplets. In much the same way that light reflects off of individual water droplets, it also scatters off of large groups of them (in this analogy, social networks). The intensity and directionality of the scattered light depends on the size, shape, and density of the water droplets (or social networks), as well as on the angle at which light hits them.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a social science student would be the example of two friends standing on opposite sides of a room and talking. The sound waves created by their voices travel across the room, bouncing off the walls and ceiling, until they reach the other person's ears.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A median lethal dose could be explained as the amount of a toxin it takes to kill 50% of a population. For example, if you had 100 people and half of them were poisoned with a toxin that had a median lethal dose of 2 mg, then the other 50 people would need to be poisoned with more than 2 mg of the toxin in order to die.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
A median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that will kill 50% of a population. A good analogy to explain this concept could be to think about a group of 100 people and imagine putting them all in one room. If you gave half of them a deadly poison, they would die. The other 50 people would not be affected because they didn't consume the poison. This is similar to what happens when we talk about the median lethal dose; it's the dose that kills 50% of the population.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a social science student would be to compare it to the speed limit on a highway. Just as there is a speed limit that is in place for the safety of drivers, there is also a median lethal dose that has been established to protect people from harm.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Universe can be analogized to a large melting pot. In the pot, there are many ingredients (planets, suns, stars, etc.) that are all boiling and mixing together. The end result is an ever-changing and evolving concoction.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student might understand the universe better if it is explained as a large city. The city has different neighborhoods, each with its own unique culture and flavor. There are also many different types of people who live in the city, each with their own individual story. The city is constantly changing, growing and evolving. Just like the universe, the city is full of mystery, wonder and endless possibilities.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
The universe can be thought of as a large jigsaw puzzle. There are many pieces, some big and some small, and each piece has its own place in the overall picture. The universe is constantly changing, with new pieces being added all the time.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Enzyme mechanism is similar to the workings of a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock and the substrate (the molecule it acts on) is the key. When the correct key (substrate) is inserted into the lock (enzyme), it fits perfectly and the door (reaction site on the enzyme) opens, allowing for chemical catalysis to occur.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain enzyme mechanism would be the role of enzymes in digestion. Digestion is a process that breaks down food into smaller pieces so that it can be absorbed by the body. This process is carried out by digestive enzymes, which are proteins that catalyze the chemical reactions involved in digestion. Just as digestive enzymes break down food into smaller pieces, enzymes within cells also catalyze chemical reactions and help to build new molecules.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
An enzyme is like a key that unlocks the door to chemical reactions. The key (enzyme) fits into a specific lock (substrate) on the door (chemical reaction). When the key is inserted, it causes the door to open and allows chemicals to flow in and react with each other.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain anova to a social science student is that anova is the statistical equivalent of taking multiple pictures of the same object from different angles and then combining all the pictures into one image. This allows you to see the object in more detail than any one picture could provide on its own.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain anova to a social science student is that it is like checking whether the paint on two different walls is the same color. You would mix some of each color together and then look at them next to each other. If they are mostly the same, then you can say that the colors are similar. If there is a lot of difference between the two colors, then you can say that they are not very similar.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student might understand anova if it is explained as a comparison of three similar groups. Imagine that you are a teacher and want to know if there is a difference in the average test scores of boys, girls, and a mixed group of boys and girls. You would create three groups - one for each gender - and give them all the same test. The average score for each group would be compared to see if there was a difference between the genders.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature in a room. It does this by turning on or off the heating or air conditioning unit based on the set temperature. This is similar to how social science students regulate their emotions. They set a goal (the desired temperature) and then work to maintain that emotional state.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room. It does this by turning on and off the furnace or air conditioning as needed.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
A thermostat is a tool used to control the temperature of a room. It works by sensing the current temperature and turning on or off the heating or cooling system accordingly. In the same way, social science students use statistics to sense and understand patterns in data in order to make informed decisions.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student is the example of a crowded room. In this analogy, the molecules in the room are like people and the more people that are in the room, the more crowded it becomes. Eventually, there will be so many people in the room that it becomes too congested and uncomfortable. At this point, something needs to happen in order to relieve the crowding (either someone leaves or new people enter). This is similar to what happens with chemical equilibrium- when there is too much or too little of a particular molecule, equilibrium is reached as other molecules redistribute until balance is restored.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium can be found by looking at the behavior of people in a crowd. People in a crowd will move around until they reach an equilibrium, meaning that they are all standing relatively close to each other and not moving. This is similar to what happens with chemicals in a solution; the molecules will move around until they reach equilibrium, meaning that the concentration of each molecule is the same throughout the solution.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student is that of two people standing on either side of a see-saw. If one person gets too heavy, the other person will move down the see-saw until they are both in balance. In the same way, if there is more reactant than product (or vice versa), the reaction will reach equilibrium as the products and reactants settle into an equal balance.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time would be to say that it is like a grocery store. A grocery store does not keep a lot of food on hand, but instead orders what it needs as customers come in. This way, the store does not have to waste money by buying too much food and then having to throw it away if it goes bad.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time to a social science student would be the way a grocery store operates. Grocery stores often do not have any food in their inventory until shortly before it is sold. This is because they get new shipments of food every day, and only order as much as they need for that day. This prevents them from having to waste money on food that will go bad by storing it too long, and it also means that customers can always find fresh produce at the store.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time to a social science student is that it is like traffic lights. Just-in-time means that the supplies and materials needed for production are delivered only as they are needed in the assembly line, so there is no excess inventory taking up space and money. This reduces waste and keeps costs down.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain adaptive immunity is that it is like a military defense system. The body's immune system is constantly on the lookout for invaders, such as viruses and bacteria. When an invader is detected, the body's immune system produces antibodies to fight off the infection.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a social science student is the human body's immune system being compared to a city's police force. The immune system is constantly working (i.e., patrolling the body) to identify and destroy any harmful invaders, while the police force responds quickly to any crime that occurs in the city.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain adaptive immunity could be as follows: Say you are in a large group of people and someone starts spreading a cold virus. Most people in the group will likely get sick, because they are exposed to the virus. However, if you have been vaccinated against the cold virus, you are much less likely to catch it, because your body has already created antibodies that will fight off the infection. In a similar way, when our bodies encounter a new pathogen (virus, bacteria, etc.), our adaptive immune system recognizes it as something foreign and creates specific antibodies to attack it. This allows us to mount an efficient immune response and hopefully prevent illness.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain Ohm's law to a social science student would be to think of electrical current as being like water flowing through a pipe. Just as the size of the pipe (in terms of diameter) affects how much water can flow through it, so too does the size of an electrical conductor (in terms of diameter) affect how much electricity can flow through it. And just as increasing the pressure on the water in the pipe makes it flow faster, so too does increasing the voltage applied to an electrical conductor make electricity flow faster.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A resistor in an electrical circuit is like a tube of toothpaste. The more toothpaste in the tube, the harder it is to squeeze out. The more current flowing through a resistor, the harder it is to push that current through the resistor.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain Ohm's law to a social science student would be the flow of water through a hose. Just as the amount of water that flows through a hose is determined by its width and how high the pressure is coming from behind it, so too is the amount of electricity that flows through a wire determined by its width (or "cross-sectional area") and how high the voltage is pushing against it.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Transcription is a bit like taking dictation. The transcriptionist listens to someone speaking and types out what they are saying.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Transcription is like taking dictation. The transcriptionist listens to someone speaking and types what they are saying verbatim into a document.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Transcription is like taking dictation. Someone speaks into a microphone and the words are recorded. The person who is transcribing then types out the spoken words into a document.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain RNA polymerase would be to compare it to a construction worker. The construction worker is responsible for building the house, and the RNA polymerase is responsible for building the mRNA molecule.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A possible analogy to help explain RNA polymerase to a social science student is as follows: Imagine that you are at a party and want to make new friends. To do so, you will need something to introduce yourself with (your name), something to talk about (the party), and something else to keep the conversation going (shared interests). In the same way, RNA polymerase needs three things in order to create a new strand of DNA- it needs a nucleotide primer (your name), something to provide information about the sequence of bases it should copy (the party), and enzymes called helicases which keep the strands apart so that the polymerase can work efficiently.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Rna polymerase can be thought of as a secretary taking dictation. The rna polymerase reads the genetic code in the dna and copies it into an rna molecule.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A ribosome can be thought of as a translator in a foreign country. The ribosome takes the instructions from the DNA (the native language), and translates it into a protein that the cell can use (the foreign language).	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A ribosome is like a translator. It takes the instructions in a gene (a recipe for making a protein) and converts them into proteins that the cell can use.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A ribosome is like a translator between two people who speak different languages. The ribosome helps to create proteins by reading the genetic code in DNA and then creating a corresponding sequence of amino acids.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain activator protein to a social science student is that it is like the key to a lock. The activator protein unlocks the transcription factors so that they can bind to the DNA and start the process of gene expression.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain activator protein to a social science student is the role of a bouncer in a nightclub. The bouncer is responsible for verifying that each person who wants to enter the club has a valid ticket, and then he or she lets them into the club. In the same way, activator proteins are responsible for verifying that each gene has been turned on (or "activated") and then they let it do its job.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to help explain activator protein is the role of a director in a movie. The activator protein is responsible for initiating and guiding the transcription process, similar to how a director oversees all aspects of making a movie.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A social science student might understand electric circuits if they were compared to water pipes. Just as the amount of water (flow) through a pipe is controlled by the size of the opening on either end (orifice), the amount of electricity flowing through an electrical circuit is controlled by the size of the opening on either end (electrode).	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
An electric circuit is like a group of people who are all connected to each other. If one person in the group talks, the whole group hears what they say. If one person in the group turns on a light, the whole group sees the light.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Electric circuits can be thought of as similar to the flow of water in a pipe. Just as the water flows through the pipe until it reaches a closed end, electricity flows through a circuit until it reaches an open end (a break in the circuit).	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain the hydrophobic effect to a social science student is that of two magnets. If you have two magnets and you try to push them together, they will resist because the positive sides of each magnet want to repel each other. This is similar to how water molecules are attracted to one another (via hydrogen bonds) but repelled by other water molecules due to their negative ends.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
One analogy to explain the hydrophobic effect to a social science student is that it is similar to two magnets repelling each other. Water molecules are attracted to each other, but they are repelled by the hydrophobic (water-hating) molecule.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Water molecules are attracted to each other by hydrogen bonds. This attraction creates clusters of water molecules. The surface of a hydrophobic molecule is not attractive to water molecules because it does not have any hydrogen bonds. So the hydrophobic molecule will be surrounded by water molecules, while the hydrophilic molecule will be dispersed in the water.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student?	ht	social science	0
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a social science student is the process of communication between two people. Just as different signals (words, facial expressions, body language) are sent and received between two people, various molecules and proteins send and receive signals within a cell. These signals initiate or regulate many important cellular processes.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a social science student would be the process of sending and receiving emails. The email sender creates a message, puts it in an envelope, and attaches a stamp. The message is then sent through the postal service to its destination. When the recipient receives the message, they open it and read the contents.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a social science student is the telephone system. The phone system has many parts including wires, telephone poles, and a switchboard. When you pick up the receiver of a phone, you create an electrical current that travels through the wires to the pole and then switches on a light at the other end. The light signals the person who is supposed to be receiving your call that someone is trying to reach them. In much the same way, when a hormone or neurotransmitter binds to its receptor on a cell membrane, it creates an electrical current that travels through the cell and turns on certain genes. This process allows cells to respond quickly to changes in their environment	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a social science student?	ht	social science	1
Nadh is like the paintbrush an artist uses to create a masterpiece. It is the essential tool that allows the artist to express their creativity. Without it, the artist would be limited to using their hands to create a work of art.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Proteins are like the paint on a canvas. They are the building blocks of life and are responsible for many of the functions within cells. Just as a painter can use different colors and techniques to create a masterpiece, proteins can be combined in many ways to create different structures and functions.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
DNA is like the blueprint for a house. It contains all of the information needed to build a house. The blueprint is read by construction workers who use it to build the house. DNA is read by cells who use it to build the body.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Glycogen is a type of carbohydrate that is stored in the liver and muscles. It is used to provide energy for the body.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the backstage of a theater. It's where all the behind-the-scenes work happens - like getting the props and costumes ready. The endoplasmic reticulum is also responsible for making sure the theater runs smoothly - like making sure the lights are on and the curtains are open.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that is found in the cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells. It is responsible for the processing and packaging of proteins that are secreted from the cell. The proteins that are secreted from the cell are first synthesized on the ribosomes of the endoplasmic reticulum. They are then transported to the Golgi apparatus, where they are modified and packaged into vesicles. The vesicles are then transported to the cell membrane, where they are released into the extracellular environment.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
The plasma membrane is like a canvas. The proteins are like the paint. The DNA is like the artist. The cells are like the paintings.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins of the cell. They break down old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids into their component parts so that the cell can reuse them.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the "garbage cans" of the cell. They are small, round organelles that process and get rid of cellular waste.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Mitochondria are like the batteries in a car. They provide the energy that the car needs to run. In the same way, mitochondria provide the energy that cells need to run.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Chloroplasts are like the artists' easels of the cell. Just as an artist needs an easel to hold up their canvas, chloroplasts hold up the cell's membrane while it performs photosynthesis.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to hold the cells together and gives them their shape. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins that form a network inside the cell.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
ATP is the energy currency of the cell. Just as money is needed to purchase goods and services, ATP is needed to power the cell's many activities. The cell produces ATP through the process of respiration, which breaks down glucose (sugar) into energy. The energy is used to run the cell's many activities, including the synthesis of new proteins, the movement of organelles, and the transport of molecules across the cell membrane.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
NADPH is like the paintbrush an artist uses to create a masterpiece. Just as the artist needs the paintbrush to apply the paint to the canvas, the cell needs NADPH to produce energy.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like the "paint cans" of the cell. They are small organelles that contain enzymes that help break down fats and other molecules. This process is called "oxidation" and it is necessary for the cell to be able to use these molecules for energy and other important functions.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Mytochondria are the cells in our body that create energy. They are similar to the cells in a battery, in that they create power that allows us to function. In the same way that a battery needs to be charged in order to work, our mytochondria need to be fueled in order to create energy. We can do this by eating foods that are high in energy, such as fruits and vegetables, or by taking supplements that help to boost our energy levels.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Magnets have two poles, a north pole and a south pole. If you have two magnets and you bring the north poles together, they will repel each other. If you bring the south poles together, they will attract each other. Electric forces work the same way. If you have two charges, a positive charge and a negative charge, they will repel each other. If you have a positive charge and a negative charge close to each other, the positive charge will be attracted to the negative charge.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
An orbital is like a planet's orbit around the sun. The electron's orbital is like the planet's path around the sun. The electron's orbital can be circular, elliptical, or random.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The first line of defense in the body is like a castle's wall. It is the first thing that is attacked and it is meant to keep the bad things out.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They are responsible for cleaning up debris and bacteria in the body. They are also responsible for activating the immune system to fight infection.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
T-helper cells are like the directors of a play. They help orchestrate the actions of other cells in the immune system to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and look for signs of infection or disease. When they find something, they sound the alarm and call in the other parts of the immune system to help fight the infection or disease.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like snipers. They are very precise and can kill specific cells without harming the rest of the body.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
When bacteria invade a person's body, they can cause an infection. The infection can be treated with antibiotics, but if the bacteria are resistant to antibiotics, the infection can be difficult to treat.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Action potential is like a wave that travels down a rope. The wave is created when someone pulls on one end of the rope. The wave travels down the rope until it reaches the other end. The same thing happens with action potential. It starts at the nerve cell's terminal and travels down the axon until it reaches the cell body.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Chromatography is like a giant coloring book. The artist starts with a white sheet of paper and adds color one drop at a time. The artist can see the colors mix and create new colors. Chromatography is the same way. The scientist starts with a white sheet of paper (the solvent) and adds color one drop at a time (the solute). The scientist can see the colors mix and create new colors.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Stars spend most of their lives burning hydrogen in their cores. This process is called fusion. As a star uses up its hydrogen, it begins to use helium in its core. This process is called degeneracy. As a star uses up its helium, it begins to use carbon. This process is called nuclear burning. As a star uses up its carbon, it begins to use oxygen. This process is called photodisintegration. As a star uses up its oxygen, it begins to use silicon. This process is called silicon burning. As a star uses up its silicon, it begins to use iron. This process is called nuclear burning. As a star uses up its iron, it begins to use nickel. This process is called nickel burning. As a star uses up its nickel, it begins to use cobalt. This process is called cobalt burning. As a star uses up its cobalt, it begins to use copper. This process is called copper burning. As a star uses up its copper, it begins to use zinc. This process is called zinc burning. As a star uses up its zinc, it begins to use lead. This process is called lead burning. As a star uses up its lead, it begins to use thorium. This process is called thorium burning. As a star uses up its thorium, it begins to use uranium. This process is called uranium burning. As a star uses up its uranium, it begins to use plutonium. This process is called plutonium burning. As a star uses up its plutonium, it begins to use elements heavier than plutonium. This process is called supernova.A star's main-sequence lifetime is the length of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Nucleus is the central and most important part of an atom. It is made up of protons and neutrons and is responsible for the atom's mass and chemical properties. The nucleus is surrounded by the electron cloud, which contains the atom's electrons.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Ribosomes are like the printers of the cell. They take the instructions from the DNA and create proteins.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like a post office. It takes letters (proteins) from one part of the cell and sends them to another part. It also sorts the letters into different packages (called vesicles), depending on what they are for.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins in your house. They are small sacs in the cell that digest and recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. This helps keep the cell healthy and functioning properly.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The nuclear envelope is like a protective sheath that surrounds the nucleus of a cell. It is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm of the cell, and the inner membrane is in contact with the nucleus. The nuclear envelope helps to protect the nucleus from damage and helps to control the movement of molecules in and out of the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A vacuole is like a large container in the cell that stores water and other materials.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Cytoplasm is like the paint on a painter's canvas. It is the material that makes up the cells of an organism and provides the structure and function of the cell.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Chromosomes are like the paint on a canvas. They are the foundation of genetic information.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Cytosol is like the paint inside a paintbrush. It is the liquid that carries the paint and is responsible for the brush's color and texture.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A cell is like a small room in a house. It is a place where someone can go to be alone, or to have a meeting.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is filled with a liquid or gas and has a thin membrane that surrounds it.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A cell wall is like the frame of a house. It is the outermost layer and provides support.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as an artist might use different colors and shapes to create a painting, cells use different molecules to create life. Cells are like tiny factories, each with its own specialized job. Some cells are responsible for getting energy from food, while others are responsible for fighting infection.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a canvas. The proteins and other molecules that make up the membrane are the paint. The cell's environment is the paintbrush.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The Golgi body is a lot like the postal service. It takes all of the little packages (vesicles) that have been delivered to it from different parts of the cell and sorts them out, labeling each one with the address of its final destination. It then sends them on their way.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Capacitance is the ability of an object to store an electric charge. It is measured in Farads. Just as an artist might use different colors and shades to create a painting, capacitors use different dielectrics to create different capacitance values.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity flowing through a wire. Just as a river can power a boat to travel downstream, electric current can power devices that use electricity.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spurt out water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow through a wire.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A cell is like a small city. It has specialized parts that do different things, just like a city has different parts that do different things (e.g. a police department, a fire department, a hospital, a school, etc.). Cells also need to communicate with each other, just like cities need to communicate with each other. Cells use special chemicals called hormones to communicate with each other.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This means that the voltage at any point in a circuit is the sum of the voltages of the individual components in the circuit. This law is important for understanding how circuits work and for troubleshooting problems in circuits.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. The people are all moving at the same speed and in the same direction. The wave of people moves through the crowd and pushes the people in front of it to the side. The people behind the wave are also pushed to the side, but they are moving faster than the people in front of them. This creates a wave of people that moves through the crowd.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Enzymes are like the paintbrush of the cell. They are responsible for all the chemical reactions that occur in the cell. Enzymes are made of proteins and they are very specific in what they do.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as an artist's palette. The artist has a range of colors to choose from and can mix them to create new colors. The artist can also choose to use a limited number of colors or to use just one color. In the same way, the human active memory system can use a range of colors (memories) or just one color (focus on the present).	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. This step is responsible for the overall rate of a reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and a solvent is passed through it. The components of the mixture are then separated based on their different solubilities in the solvent.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like two people pushing a car. The car is at equilibrium when the two people are pushing equally hard. If one person pushes harder, the car will move. If the two people stop pushing, the car will stop.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A vacuole is like a large container in a cell that stores water and other materials.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A transport vesicle is like a small bus that transports molecules around the cell. The bus picks up passengers (molecules) at one stop and drops them off at another stop.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the blueprints for cancer. They are the genes that can turn into cancer-causing genes, but they don't always do so. Just as an architect's blueprint for a building can be used to create a real building, proto-oncogenes can be used to create cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Oncogenes are like pieces of a puzzle that, when put together, can cause cancer. They are genes that have the potential to cause cancer when they are mutated and turned on.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in our body from growing out of control and becoming cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Brittle software is like a ceramic vase. It is very fragile and can easily break if it is mishandled.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Resonance hybrid is a term used in chemistry to describe the combined electron structure of atoms or molecules. In other words, it is the way that the electrons are distributed among the atoms in a molecule. To visualize this, you can think of a molecule as a bunch of balls connected by springs. The electrons are like the balls, and the springs represent the bonds between the atoms. When the electrons are distributed evenly among the atoms, the molecule is in resonance.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The wave mechanical model is like a group of people standing in a line. The first person in the line is the wave and the people behind them are the particles. The wave is the energy that travels down the line and the particles are the people that make up the wave.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. This activity is recorded by electrodes that are placed on your head.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a duplicate of a masterpiece. The artist takes a blank canvas and starts with a sketch of the original masterpiece. They then use this sketch as a guide to create an exact duplicate of the original.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
RNA transcription is a bit like writing a play. The playwright has a story in their head, and they start writing it down. As they write, they make notes about what each character says and does. Once the play is finished, the playwright hands it off to the actors, who bring the characters to life. RNA transcription is a bit like that. The genetic material in the cell is like the playwright's story, and the RNA is like the notes about what each character says and does. The RNA is then used to create the proteins that make up the cell.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Protein translation is a bit like a play. The protein is the script, the mRNA is the actor, and the tRNA is the director. The ribosomes are the theater. The mRNA is read one codon at a time, and each codon corresponds to a specific amino acid. The tRNA brings the correct amino acid to the ribosome, and the amino acids are assembled into a protein.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a big, complicated painting. The painting has many different colors, shapes, and sizes of elements. The elements all work together to create a beautiful and complex picture. In the same way, the different parts of an ecosystem work together to create a complex and balanced system.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
When an action potential is generated by the initial stimulus, it travels down the neuron in a wave-like manner. This wave-like action potential is created by the movement of positively charged ions (such as potassium and sodium) into and out of the neuron. The action potential will continue to move down the neuron until it reaches the end, where it will then be transmitted to the next neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs extract oxygen from the air and the frog's blood carries the oxygen throughout its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A cake is a good analogy for layered architecture. The cake is built up in layers, with each layer adding flavor and texture. The same is true for a software system. The system is built up in layers, with each layer adding functionality and complexity. The bottom layer is the foundation, and it provides the basic functionality for the system. The next layer is the presentation layer, and it provides the user interface for the system. The next layer is the business layer, and it provides the business logic for the system. The next layer is the data access layer, and it provides the functionality for accessing and manipulating the data. The top layer is the application layer, and it provides the functionality for the system.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. An excess reactant is a reactant that is in excess and is not used up in the reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
A eukaryotic cell is like an artist's studio. It is a place where new ideas are created and where the artist can work on their art. The cell has all of the tools that the artist needs to create their art. The cell has a nucleus, which is like the artist's studio. The nucleus is a place where new ideas are created. The cell also has a cytoplasm, which is like the artist's workshop. The cytoplasm is a place where the artist can work on their art.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, independent artist studio. It is very small and simple, and it doesn't have many of the features of a larger, more complex artist studio.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The kernel is the engine of a car. It is responsible for turning the fuel into motion. The operating system kernel is responsible for turning the instructions of the software into motion.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A limiting reactant is the reactant in a chemical reaction that is in shortest supply. The reaction will stop when the limiting reactant is used up. In an art class, the limiting reactant would be the paint or other material that is in shortest supply. The students would stop painting when the limiting reactant is used up.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Helicase is a protein that helps to unzip DNA so that it can be copied. It is a bit like a zipper, and it helps to separate the two strands of DNA.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
DNA replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold a picture frame to the wall. The DNA is like the picture, and the replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold the picture in place.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is like a glue that helps to hold the DNA together.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Process control block is like a traffic light. It helps to regulate the flow of traffic and keep things moving smoothly. In the same way, process control block helps to regulate the flow of data and keep things moving smoothly.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Message encoding is similar to translating a text from one language to another. The translator takes the original text and encodes it into a new format, which can be read by someone who doesn't understand the original language. In the same way, a message encoder takes a message and encodes it into a new format, which can be read by someone who doesn't understand the original message.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Drugs and receptor sites interact in a way that can be compared to two people shaking hands. The drug is the person reaching out to shake hands, and the receptor site is the person who accepts the handshake. When the drug and receptor site interact, they both exchange information. In the case of drugs and receptor sites, the drug provides information to the receptor site about what it is and what it does. The receptor site then sends this information on to other parts of the body, which allows the drug to have its desired effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A monitor is like a large television screen that is used to watch movies or television shows.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The CPU is like the conductor of an orchestra. It coordinates the activities of the different parts of the computer.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the foundation or backbone of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the key components of a computer, such as the central processing unit, memory, and input/output ports.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Ram is an image editing software used by artists to create and edit digital images. It is a powerful tool that allows users to manipulate images in a variety of ways, including changing colors, adding effects, and cropping and resizing photos.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
A power supply unit is like a battery in a car. It is a device that provides power to other devices.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A keyboard is like a piano, but with less keys. It is used to input text into a computer.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is used as a pointing device on a computer.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
An audio card is like a musician's sheet music. It is a tool that helps the musician create and perform music.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A video card is like a canvas for an artist. It is the surface that the artist uses to create their work. The video card determines the quality of the image that is displayed on the screen.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The tree's age calculation is like counting the number of years that have passed since the tree was planted.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
When light shines on a certain material, the light waves interact with the material, causing the light waves to scatter in all directions. This is called Raleigh scattering. If the material has a smooth surface, the light waves will scatter equally in all directions. If the material has a rough surface, the light waves will scatter more in the direction of the rough surface. This is called anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by small particles in the atmosphere. The light is scattered in all directions, and the intensity of the scattered light decreases with the distance from the particle.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill half of the people who take it. It can be used to measure the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
The universe can be thought of as a great work of art. Just as an artist creates a painting or sculpture, the universe creates everything in it. The universe is constantly changing, with new stars and planets forming while others die. Like a great artist, the universe has a unique and beautiful design.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Enzyme mechanism is like a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock and the substrate is the key. The substrate fits into the enzyme like a key fits into a lock. The enzyme and the substrate are then able to react and the enzyme can change the substrate.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Anova is a statistical technique used to compare the means of two or more groups. It stands for "analysis of variance."	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building by turning on or off the heating or cooling system.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Chemical equilibrium is like a balance scale. On one side of the scale, there are molecules of reactants. On the other side of the scale, there are molecules of products. The molecules of reactants and products are always in balance.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's efficiency by reducing the time between when a product is ordered and when it is received. This is done by having a just-in-time inventory, which is a limited stock of goods that are only ordered when they are needed.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an immune system that is constantly learning and evolving. It is able to remember past infections and respond more effectively to future infections. This is in contrast to innate immunity, which is more general and does not remember past infections.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Ohm's law is a law that states that the current through a conductor is directly proportional to the potential difference across the conductor. In other words, the higher the voltage, the more current will flow. This law is named after German physicist Georg Simon Ohm.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Transcription is the process of copying a text from one form to another. In the context of biology, transcription is the process of copying a gene's sequence of DNA into a molecule of messenger RNA (mRNA).	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
RNA polymerase is a bit like a movie director. It takes the individual scenes (nucleotides) that make up the movie (RNA) and puts them together in the right order.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the printers of the cell. They take the instructions from the DNA and create proteins.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Activator protein is like a conductor of an orchestra. It helps to initiate and regulate the transcription of DNA into RNA.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
An electric circuit is like a water circuit. Just as water flows through a series of interconnected pipes, electricity flows through a series of interconnected wires. The water pressure in the pipes is analogous to the voltage in the wires, and the amount of water that flows through the pipes is analogous to the amount of current that flows through the wires.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This is because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with one another than with the nonpolar molecules. The nonpolar molecules are repelled by the water and tend to aggregate together to minimize their interaction with the water.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a process of communication between different parts of a cell. This communication is mediated by proteins called receptors, which are embedded in the cell membrane. When a molecule binds to a receptor, it triggers a change in the receptor that in turn activates a series of biochemical reactions inside the cell. This chain of reactions ultimately leads to the cell's response, for example, the release of a hormone.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Nadh is a cofactor in the electron transport chain, which is responsible for energy production in the cells. It helps shuttle electrons from one molecule to another, and without it, cellular respiration would not be possible. In analogy form, nadh can be thought of as an "artist" who helps create energy within the cell.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nadh is like the white paint in an art studio. It is a basic ingredient that is mixed with other colors to create different shades. In the same way, nadh is essential for creating energy in the body. It helps combine other nutrients into usable forms of energy.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nadh is an important molecule in the body that helps turn glucose into energy. It is similar to how oil is used to help create fire in a fireplace. In both cases, they are necessary for the process to work properly.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A protein is like a symphony orchestra. Each musician has a specific role to play, and when they all come together, they create beautiful music. Proteins are made up of smaller molecules called amino acids, which act like the musicians in the orchestra.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Proteins are like the building blocks of life. Just as an artist needs different colored paints to create a masterpiece, proteins provide the colors that cells need to function. Some proteins help carry oxygen throughout the body, some control how genes are expressed, and others work together to form structural components of cells.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Proteins are like the paint on a canvas. Just as artists use various colors and techniques to create a work of art, proteins use different building blocks (amino acids) to form unique structures that carry out specific functions in our bodies. Some proteins act as structural supports, while others are responsible for performing chemical reactions or transporting molecules from one place to another.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
DNA is like a blueprint for an organism. It contains all of the information necessary to create that organism.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
DNA is the blueprint for an organism. It is a long, twisted molecule that contains all of the genetic information needed to create that particular organism.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Dna is the blueprint of life. It contains all of the information necessary to create a living organism. Just as an artist uses a blueprint to plan and create a work of art, dna provides the instructions for building an organism.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Glycogen is like the artist's canvas. It is a material that can be used to create art. The artist can use different colors and textures to create a masterpiece. Glycogen is also malleable, which means it can be shaped into different forms.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Glycogen is to the body as paint is to a canvas. Glycogen is stored in muscles and the liver and it's what the body uses for energy. Just like you can't put any old color on a canvas and expect it to look good, you can't put any old fuel into your body and expect it to work well. The body needs glycogen to function properly just like a painting needs paint.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Glycogen is to the body what paint is to a painter. Just as a painter needs paint to create art, the body needs glycogen to create energy. Glycogen is stored in the liver and muscles and can be used for quick bursts of energy when needed.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a series of tubes or pipes that run throughout the cytoplasm of the cell. These tubes are used to transport materials and proteins around the cell. The endoplasmic reticulum is also responsible for folding proteins correctly so that they can be transported out of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a big workshop inside the cell. It's where proteins are made and folded into the right shape.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The endoplasmic reticulum is like the backstage area of a theater. It's where all the work happens to get the show on stage. The actors and actresses come out and perform, but they wouldn't be able to do anything without all of the people working behind the scenes.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is a type of organelle found in the cytoplasm of cells. It was first described by Camillo Golgi in 1898 and named after him. The Golgi apparatus is responsible for processing and packaging macromolecules such as proteins and RNA destined for secretion from the cell or transport to other parts of the cell.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that processes and packages macromolecules such as proteins and lipids for transport within the cell. It can be thought of as an assembly line, with different parts being added to the molecule as it moves through. The Golgi is named after its discoverer, Camillo Golgi.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a post office in the cell. It processes and packages proteins that have been made in the ribosomes. The packaged proteins are then sent to other parts of the cell, or even outside of the cell.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Just as an oil painting is created by applying layers of paint to a canvas, the plasma membrane is built up from proteins and lipids that are layered on top of each other. The proteins in the membrane provide structure and can act as channels or receptors that allow substances to cross into or out of the cell. The lipid molecules form a barrier that helps keep the inner contents of the cell separated from the outside world.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the skin of a balloon. It is a thin, flexible layer that surrounds and protects the balloon. The plasma membrane is made up of two layers of lipid molecules (phospholipids), which are arranged so that their hydrophobic tails face inward and their hydrophilic heads face outward. This arrangement forms a barrier that prevents water-soluble substances from entering or leaving the cell.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the skin of a cell. It is a thin, flexible layer that surrounds and protects the cell. The plasma membrane is composed of two main layers: the lipid bilayer and the cytoplasmic matrix. The lipid bilayer is made up of fatty acids and proteins, while the cytoplasmic matrix consists of proteins and other molecules. The plasma membrane allows substances to enter and exit the cell, while also regulating what moves in and out of cells.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like tiny recycling plants in your cells. They digest old or damaged proteins and molecules, breaking them down into their building blocks so that the materials can be reused.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Lysosomes are like tiny recycling plants inside cells. They digest old or damaged proteins, lipids, and carbohydrates and recycle their components back into new molecules that the cell can use.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins of cells. They digest old or damaged proteins and molecules, breaking them down into their component parts so that the cell can reuse them. This process is called autophagy, meaning "self-eating."	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like small recycling plants in the cell. They take in old, used materials and break them down into usable parts again.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Peroxisomes are like little recycling factories in the cell. They recycle used materials and broken down proteins back into useful substances that the cell can use again.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the little "recycling plants" in our cells. They take all of the bad stuff that we don't need (like old cell parts and toxins) and break it down into harmless molecules that can be reused by the cell.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Mitochondria can be considered the "engines" of the cell - they convert food into energy that the cells can use. In a similar way, an engine in a car converts gasoline into motion. Mitochondria are very important for cell function and health.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Mitochondria are often called the "powerhouses" of the cell because they generate energy for the cell. They do this through a process called oxidative phosphorylation, which uses oxygen and glucose to create adenosine triphosphate (ATP), a molecule that provides energy for many cellular processes. Mitochondria are also responsible for creating other important molecules in the cell, such as enzymes and hormones.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Mitochondria are the "powerhouses" of cells, producing energy in a process called cellular respiration. Just as an artist might need good light and ventilation to produce their work, mitochondria need oxygen and glucose to create energy for the cell.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chloroplasts are organelles in the plant cell that are unique in that they have the ability to change light into chemical energy that can be used by plants to create glucose from carbon dioxide and water. Chloroplasts are similar to batteries in a way, as they store energy until it is needed.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A chloroplast is like a green, leaf-shaped balloon. It floats in the plant cell and has tiny arms that reach out to grab energy from the sun. The chloroplast uses this energy to turn water into oxygen and food for the plant.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chloroplasts are the organelles in plant cells that are responsible for photosynthesis. Just as an artist may use different colors and shades to create a painting, chloroplasts use light energy to create glucose from carbon dioxide and water. The glucose is then used by the plant to produce other molecules necessary for growth and survival.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cytoskeleton is a bit like the scaffolding that builders might use to construct a building. It's not essential for the building to have it, but it makes the job much easier, and it's there to support the structure while it's being built. In the same way, the cytoskeleton helps to support and shape the cell while it's growing and dividing.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cytoskeleton is the skeleton of a cell. It helps to maintain the shape of the cell and also provides support for important cellular activities like movement and replication. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins that form long, thin filaments that run throughout the cytoplasm of the cell.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides structure and support to the cells. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins that form fibers called microfilaments and microtubules. These proteins help the cell to move, divide, and change shape.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
ATP is the energy currency of life. It is like money that we use to purchase things. In our bodies, ATP is used to power everything from muscle movement to brain function. We create ATP through the process of metabolism, which breaks down food and converts it into usable energy.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Adenosine triphosphate (ATP) is the currency of energy in cells. Just as money is needed to purchase goods and services, ATP is necessary for cells to carry out their functions. Cells use ATP to power movements, synthesize proteins, and perform other essential tasks. Like a banknote, ATP contains stored energy that can be accessed when needed. When an enzyme or other cellular component needs energy, it catalyzes the transfer of one or more phosphate groups from ATP to another molecule, releasing energy in the process. This energy can then be used by the cell to do work.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Atp is to the body as gasoline is to a car. It provides energy for all cellular activity, including muscle contraction and nerve impulse transmission.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
NADPH is the equivalent of gasoline for a car. It helps to create energy within the cells so that they can function properly.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
NADPH is like oxygen to the arts student. NADPH provides energy and sustains life just as oxygen does for the arts student.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
NADPH is sort of like the fuel that powers the engine in a car. It helps to create new cells and energy in the body.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A peroxysome is a small organelle in the cell that helps break down hydrogen peroxide. It does this by converting the hydrogen peroxide into water and oxygen. This process is important because it helps get rid of harmful toxins in the cell.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Peroxysomes are like the recycling centers of cells. They break down old or damaged proteins and molecules, converting them into new materials that can be used by the cell.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like the paint cans of a painting. The paints that are used in a painting come from different tubes, and each tube has a specific job to do. The same is true for peroxysomes - they have different jobs to do depending on what type of cell they are in.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cells in our bodies are constantly regenerating and growing. To help with this process, each cell has small structures called mitochondria that produce energy for the cell to use. Mytochondria are the specialized mitochondria responsible for producing energy in muscle cells. Just as an artist needs a good supply of paint and canvas to create their masterpiece, our muscles need a good supply of mytochondria to generate energy and stay strong.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Mytochondria can be thought of as the "engine" of a cell - they are responsible for producing energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP). Without mytochondria, cells would not be able to function.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Mytochondria are the cells within our body that create energy. Without them, we would not be able to function. In the same way that an artist needs their paints and brushes to create a painting, we need our mytochondria to create energy.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are the result of an imbalance of electric charge in an object. Like magnets, two objects with opposite charges will be attracted to each other, while objects with like charges will repel each other.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Opposite poles attract each other, and like poles repel each other.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Electric forces are like magnets. Just as a magnet can attract or repel other magnets, electric charges can attract or repel each other. Like poles of magnets (north and south) will repel each other, while opposite poles will attract.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An orbit is like a path that an electron takes around the nucleus of an atom. The shape of this path is called an orbital. Hydrogen has one electron in its first orbital. This orbital is shaped like a doughnut and it surrounds the nucleus of the atom.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is like an artist's canvas. The electron travels around the nucleus in a predictable path, just like a painter paints on a canvas. The size and shape of the orbit can change depending on how much energy the electron has. Just as an artist can create different paintings by using different colors and brush strokes, scientists can learn about atoms by studying the different shapes and sizes of their electron orbits.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An orbital is like a planet orbiting around the sun. The electron's orbital is like the path of the planet as it orbits around the sun.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The first line of defense in the body is similar to a wall that protects a city. The immune system is made up of many parts including white blood cells, lymph nodes, and the thymus gland. These work together to protect the body from invaders like bacteria and viruses.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The first line of defense in the body are the skin and mucous membranes. They work to keep out bacteria, viruses, and other foreign invaders. The skin is a tough barrier, while the mucous membranes secrete a sticky substance that traps pathogens.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
In the body, there are many different ways that invaders can be stopped from entering and harming the body. The first line of defense is the skin. Skin is a tough outer layer that helps to keep out bacteria, viruses, and other invaders. The skin also contains sweat and oil glands which help to keep it clean and healthy.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Macrophages are like the defenders of the body. They patrol and keep an eye out for anything that is not supposed to be there, such as bacteria, viruses, or cancer cells. If they encounter something that is not supposed to be in the body, they will try to get rid of it.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Macrophages are like the police of the body. They patrol and keep watch for any signs of infection or disease. If they find something, they will try to eliminate it.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Macrophages can be thought of as the cleaning crew of the body. They are cells that patrol the body, looking for and destroying any invaders or damaged cells. Like janitors in a building, they keep things clean and organized.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A t-helper cell is like a conductor in an orchestra. The conductor coordinates the activity of the musicians and makes sure that they are playing together as one unit. T-helper cells coordinate the activity of other immune cells, making sure that they are all working together to fight off infection.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A t-helper cell is like a conductor in an orchestra. The conductor tells the musicians when to start and stop playing, and how loud to play. T-helper cells tell other cells what to do, and help control the immune response.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
T-helper cells are like the directors of a play. They help other cells to understand and carry out their roles in the immune response.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are like the dancers in a ballet performance. They are highly coordinated and skilled in their movements. They perform an important role in the body by working with other cells to fight infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Lymphocytes are white blood cells that help the body fight infection. There are several different types of lymphocytes, including b-lymphocytes and t-lymphocytes. B-lymphocytes are responsible for producing antibodies, which are proteins that help the body fight infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
B-lymphocytes are similar to actors in a play. They are responsible for the production of antibodies, which act as the "protagonists" of the immune system, fighting off infection and disease. Like an actor rehearsing their lines and preparing for performance, b-lymphocytes undergo specific changes as they get ready to produce antibodies.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes (CTLs) are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and identify cells that are not supposed to be there, such as cancer cells or virus-infected cells. Once they have identified a cell as being dangerous, they kill it using a process called apoptosis.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cytotoxic T-lymphocyte is very much like an art student. They are both highly skilled and focused on their work. The cytotoxic T-lymphocyte's job is to seek out and destroy any cells that are not supposed to be in the body, like cancer cells. Just like an art student, they must be precise in their movements and make sure they get the job done correctly.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the "police officers" of our immune system. They patrol our bodies and identify cells that are not supposed to be there (like cancer cells). Once they identify a cell as being abnormal, they destroy it.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
When bacteria invade the body, they are much like an opposing army invading a foreign country. The bacteria spread and multiply rapidly, often overcoming the body's natural defenses. Just as an art student might use color and shading to create a realistic picture, the body's white blood cells use various weapons (such as antibodies) to fight off the invaders. If enough bacteria manage to take hold, they can cause infection and illness.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If you imagine your body as a house, bacteria are like tiny invaders that sneak in through the cracks and crevices. Sometimes they cause minor annoyances, like a cold or the flu, but other times they can be much more serious and even life-threatening. Just like an invading army would do, these bacteria take over vital resources and try to destroy anything that gets in their way. It's our immune system's job to fight them off and restore order so our bodies can function normally again.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Bacteria are like tiny invaders that can enter the body through a cut or wound and cause an infection. Just as an artist needs the right tools and supplies to create a work of art, our bodies need the right defenses to protect us against bacteria. Our immune system is like our body's security guard, working to keep these tiny invaders out.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A musician might think of an action potential as a single, powerful note that travels down a nerve. This note is created by the opening and closing of ion channels along the nerve membrane. The sudden influx of sodium ions into the neuron creates a positive charge inside the cell, which causes the voltage-gated potassium channels to open. This allows potassium ions to flow out of the neuron, reversing the polarity of the membrane and restoring it to its resting state.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Action potential is like a current of electricity that travels down an electric wire. The action potential starts in the neuron's cell body and then travels down the axon to the synapse. At the synapse, it causes neurotransmitters to be released into the space between neurons. This transmission of information allows us to think, move, and feel.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Action potential is similar to a current of electricity that travels through a wire. This current is generated by the movement of negatively charged particles, called ions, in and out of cells. In the nervous system, this electrical current is created by special cells called neurons. When an action potential begins in one neuron, it quickly spreads to other neurons nearby. This allows messages to travel rapidly throughout the brain and body.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The experiment of chromatography is like using a map to find your way to a new city. The map is used to separate and identify the different parts of the city. In the same way, chromatography uses paper with special markings (chromatograms) to separate and identify the different parts (components) of a chemical mixture.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chromatography is similar to when an artist mixes colors together on a palette to create new shades. The artist can then use a brush to paint these colors onto a canvas. By doing this, the artist can create different pictures with many colors.In chromatography, scientists also mix chemicals together on a plate (the "palette"). They then use a small tube (a "brush") to suck up some of the mixture and place it on another plate that has been treated with special chemicals. The different chemicals in the mixture will move at different speeds across the plate. This makes them separate into bands or stripes, just like how an artist's paints would separate on a canvas.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chromatography is a technique used by scientists to separate the components of a mixture. For example, if you have a jar of paint with different colors in it, chromatography can be used to seperate the colors and identify each one.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
The main sequence lifetime of a star can be thought of as the length of time it spends burning brightly in the sky, producing energy through nuclear fusion. The amount of time this takes varies from star to star, depending on its size and temperature. Generally speaking, the smaller and cooler a star is, the longer it will stay on the main sequence. Conversely, larger and hotter stars tend to exhaust their fuel more quickly. So while a small red dwarf may live for tens or even hundreds of billions of years, a massive blue supergiant might only last for a few million.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Stars spend most of their lives in a stable main-sequence phase. During this time, they fuse hydrogen into helium in their cores, and this process releases energy that makes the stars shine. The amount of time a star spends on the main sequence depends on its mass - the more massive a star is, the shorter its lifetime on the main sequence. Once all of the hydrogen in a star's core has been used up, it enters a different stage of life called "post-main-sequence". In this phase, the star begins to use heavier elements to generate energy, and it eventually dies when these elements are exhausted.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
The main sequence lifetime of a star is like an artist's career. Just as a musician may stay popular for many years, or even decades, stars can remain on the main sequence for billions of years. However, just as some artists eventually fade from popularity, so too do stars leave the main sequence and become red giants or white dwarfs.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The nucleus is the most important part of an atom. It contains the protons and neutrons, which are responsible for the atom's atomic number and mass. The electrons orbit around the nucleus in shells.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Nucleus can be thought of as the "brain" of a cell. It is responsible for controlling all of the cell's activities, and it contains the genetic information that determines how the cell behaves. The nucleus is surrounded by a membrane, and inside of it are long strands of DNA called chromosomes.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nucleus is like the director or producer of a play. They are in charge of making sure everything runs smoothly and all the actors are on cue. Similarly, the nucleus controls what goes on inside the cell and makes sure all the proteins and other molecules are working together correctly.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the machines that build cars in a factory. The blueprints for the car (the genetic information) are stored on computer screens and the ribosomes read this information and use it to assemble the car parts (amino acids).	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the construction crew for a building. The DNA is like the architect's blueprint, and the ribosomes read the instructions from the DNA to build proteins.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the workers in a factory who produce the products. The DNA is like the blueprints for the products, and the ribosomes read these blueprints to create proteins.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like an assembly line in a factory. The different parts of the cell that are produced in the endoplasmic reticulum are passed on to the Golgi apparatus, where they are put together and packaged into tiny little sacs called vesicles. These vesicles are then sent off to other parts of the cell, or even outside of the cell, where they release their contents.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is analogous to a shipping and receiving department in a company. The cells produce proteins and other cellular components in the cytoplasm of the cell. The proteins and other cellular components are then transported to the Golgi apparatus, where they are packaged into vesicles. The vesicles leave the Golgi apparatus and travel to other parts of the cell, or even to other cells, where they release their contents.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as an assembly line in a factory. The different parts (or products) that are made in the factory are processed along the assembly line, and eventually end up at the end where they are packaged and shipped out to customers. In the cell, the Golgi apparatus processes proteins and lipids that have been synthesized in the cytoplasm. It packages them into vesicles that will eventually be transported to other parts of the cell or outside of the cell.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the "garbage disposal" cells of the body. They are small sacks in the cell that digest and break down worn out or damaged parts of the cell, as well as invading viruses and bacteria.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins of a city. They take in old, worn out material and break it down into its component parts so that it can be reused. In the same way, lysosomes recycle cellular debris, damaged proteins and unused organelles.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. They digest food and break down waste products so that the cell can use them for energy or to build new molecules.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nuclear envelope is like the walls of a house. It contains and protects the nuclear material inside.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nuclear envelope is like the wallpaper in a room. It surrounds and protects the nucleus, which is like the furniture in the room.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nuclear envelope is like the skin of an onion. It surrounds and protects the nucleus of a cell.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is a bit like an art gallery. It's a space where artwork can be displayed and viewed by others. In the same way that an art gallery has walls to hold up paintings and a ceiling to keep everything in, a vacuole has membranes to support its contents and keep them separated from the rest of the cell.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is a bit like an art gallery. It's a place where you can go to see and admire beautiful works of art. In the same way, vacuoles are spaces in cells where you can find amazing things happening, like protein synthesis and energy production.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is like an artist's palette. It is a small, round structure that stores different colors of paint. The artist can select the color they want to use and mix it with other colors on the palette. This allows them to create a variety of paintings with different hues.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cytoplasm is like the paint in an artist's palette. It is the material that fills the cells of plants and animals and provides a medium for chemical reactions. The cytoplasm contains proteins, enzymes, salts, and other substances necessary for life.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If the cell were an orchestra, then the nucleus would be the conductor and the cytoplasm would be the musicians. The cytoplasm is where all of the action happens; it's what enables cells to carry out their various functions. It contains enzymes that help break down food, and it's also home to other important organelles like mitochondria and ribosomes.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cytoplasm is to a cell as paint is to a painting. The cytoplasm is the substance that fills the cells and provides them with their structure. It contains proteins, enzymes, and other molecules that allow the cell to function. The paint is the substance that gives a painting its color and texture.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chromosomes are like paints for an artist. An artist has many colors to choose from, and can mix them together to create new colors. Chromosomes are the same way - there are many different types of chromosomes, and they can be combined together to create new ones.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chromosomes are like strands of colorful thread. They are very long and thin, and they twist and turn around each other. Each chromosome has a lot of different colors on it, and each color means something special.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Chromosomes are like the paint on a painter's palette. The painter can mix different colors together to create other colors. In the same way, chromosomes can mix together to create new genes.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cytosol can be thought of as the "paint" inside a painting. It is the liquid that fills in the gaps between cells and provides them with nutrients. Cytosol also helps to transport hormones and other important molecules throughout the body.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cytosol can be thought of as the "paint" inside a painter's palette. Just as a painter needs different colors to create a painting, cells need cytosol to carry out their various functions. The cytoskeleton provides structure to the cell while proteins and enzymes carried in the cytosol catalyze cellular reactions.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cytosol is like the paint on a painter's canvas. It is the fluid that fills the cells of living organisms and provides a medium within which biochemical reactions can take place.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell is the basic structural and functional unit of life. Cells are like artists, they create and work together to produce something beautiful.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A cell is like a small, self-contained city. It has all the essential components needed to sustain life - housing, food, water, and waste disposal. Like in a real city, the cells in our bodies are constantly communicating with each other to keep everything running smoothly.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell is the basic structure of all living things. Just as a building has walls, a roof, and windows to allow light in, cells have membranes that separate their internal environment from the outside world, nuclei to control how genes are expressed, and ribosomes to create proteins.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small, enclosed container. Vesicles are found in various places throughout the body, including within cells and surrounding tissues. They serve as a way to store and transport cellular contents.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is made of thin, flexible material and can be filled with a fluid or gas. Vesicles are used to store things or to move things from one place to another.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is made of thin, flexible material and has a small opening at one end. Vesicles are used to store things inside them, just like balloons can be filled with water or air.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cell wall is like the frame of a house. It surrounds and supports the cells inside, much like the frame of a house supports the walls and roof. The cell wall also helps to protect the cells from damage.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell wall is a lot like the frame of a house. It provides structural support for the cell and helps keep it from breaking apart. The cell wall is also used to store energy and protect the cell from outside invaders.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell wall is like the frame of a house. It supports the structure and keeps it together.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cells are the building blocks of life. Just as a painting is composed of thousands of individual brushstrokes, each cell in our bodies is made up of trillions of tiny molecules. We can think of cells as the basic units that make up all living things.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cells are the building blocks of life. Just as an artist might use different colors, shapes, and sizes of paint to create a work of art, cells use different molecules to create all the structures and functions inside our bodies.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as an artist might use individual bricks to create a sculpture or painting, cells can be thought of as the smallest units that make up all living things. Cells come in many different shapes and sizes, and each one has its own unique set of instructions for how it should behave. When cells work together, they form tissues and organs that allow us to live and function.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a kind of brick wall, with each brick made up of molecules called lipids. The bricks are held together by proteins, which act like mortar. The cell membrane is semi-permeable, meaning that some things can pass through it (like water and oxygen) while other things cannot (like sugar and protein). This allows the cell to control what goes in and out.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell membrane can be thought of as a net or filter. It surrounds the cell and allows some things to enter (nutrients, oxygen) while keeping other things out (toxins, wastes). The cells need the membrane to survive because it helps protect them from their environment.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a fence or border surrounding the cells. The job of the cell membrane is to protect the cell and control what comes in and out. Just like a real fence, it has to be strong enough to keep things out (like bacteria) but also allow things in (like nutrients).	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A golgi body can be seen as an artist's studio. Just as an artist needs a place to work on their creations, the cells in our bodies need a place to process and package their proteins. The golgi body is responsible for this function, creating small sacs called vesicles that hold the processed proteins.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The golgi body is an organelle in the cell that processes and packages proteins for transport within the cell. It can be thought of as a kind of postal service, receiving and sorting parcels (proteins) before sending them on their way. The golgi body is also responsible for adding sugar molecules to some proteins, which helps to stabilize them and keep them functioning properly.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Golgi body can be thought of as an artist's studio. It is where new proteins and other materials are assembled and prepared for export from the cell.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think about capacitance is using an analogy with an inflated balloon. The rubber of the balloon is like the dielectric material between the two plates of a capacitor, and when you blow into the balloon, you are putting energy into it just as you would in a capacitor by charging it up. Once there is enough energy stored in the balloon, it will pop! This is similar to what happens in a capacitor - once it has been charged up to its maximum voltage, any more current will cause it to 'pop' or discharge all of its energy very quickly.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If you think of capacitance as a container for holding electric charge, then it is similar to a bucket filled with water. The more water that is in the bucket (the more charge that is stored), the higher the voltage will be across the two sides of the bucket. Just as with a real bucket, if you apply pressure to the top of the "bucket" (by pushing on it with your hand), more water will flow out and the voltage across the two sides of the bucket will decrease.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A capacitor is a device that stores energy in an electric field. Just as you can store water in a balloon by blowing it up, you can store electricity in a capacitor by applying voltage across its terminals. The capacitance of a capacitor is the amount of energy it can store per unit charge.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric current is much like a river of electricity flowing through wires. Just as a river can power boats and mills, electric current powers our electrical devices. The amount of current in a wire is measured in amps.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric current is much like the flow of water in a river. Just as water flows downhill, electric current flows from high voltage to low voltage. The higher the voltage, the faster the current will flow.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric current can be thought of as analogous to water flowing through a hose. Just as the higher the water pressure in the hose, the more water flows out, so too does electric current increase with increasing voltage. The amount of electric current that flows through a wire is measured in amps (A), just like gallons per minute are measured in liters per second for water flow rates.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. It's what makes electrons flow through a circuit. Just as water flows more easily through wider pipes, electricity flows more easily through wider wires (or "channels"). The voltage rating of a battery or power supply tells you how much pressure it can produce.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Voltage is the pressure that pushes electrons through a circuit. It's kind of like water pressure in a hose. The higher the voltage, the more powerful the flow of electrons.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Voltage can be thought of as the pressure behind a flow of electricity. Just as water needs pressure (in the form of gravity or a pump) to move through a pipe, electricity needs voltage to push it along wires and circuits. Think of voltage as the "pressure" that makes electricity do what you want it to.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
In a cell, specialization refers to the various tasks that different parts of the cell carry out in order to keep the cell alive and functioning. For example, the nucleus is responsible for DNA replication and gene expression, while proteins are responsible for carrying out many of the chemical reactions necessary for life. Communication between these specialized parts allows cells to coordinate their activities and respond effectively to changes in their environment. For example, when a hormone is released by one part of the cell, it will communicate with other parts of the cell to produce the desired response.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
In a cell, specialization and communication are like the different departments in a company. The different departments specialize in their own area of expertise and work together to achieve the company's goals. Communication between the departments is essential for ensuring that everyone is working towards the same goal.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a small factory. It has workers who specialize in different tasks, and they all need to be able to communicate with each other to make the factory work. The cell's workers include:-The nucleus, which controls the cell's activities-The cytoplasm, which contains the organelles where the work is done-The mitochondria, which produce energy for the cell-The ribosomes, which make proteins	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Kirchhoff's Voltage Law states that the total voltage around a closed loop is zero. This means that the sum of all the voltages in a circuit must be equal to zero. It can be thought of as an equation with current (I) on one side and voltage (V) on the other. V = I * R, where R is resistance.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Kirchhoff's Voltage Law is a law that states that the sum of all voltages in a loop must be zero. This means that if you have a bunch of batteries and wires connecting them together, the voltage at the beginning of the wire is equal to the voltage at the end of the wire.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Kirchoff's Voltage Law states that the sum of all voltages in a circuit is zero. This means that the voltage at any point in a circuit is the result of applying Ohm's law to the individual resistances in series with it.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
If you imagine a group of people all moving in the same direction and at the same speed, this would create a density wave. The closer together they move, the higher the waves become until it finally reaches its peak. After that, the people will start to spread out again and the wave dissipates.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A density wave is like a group of people who are all moving in the same direction. The more people there are in the group, the slower they will move.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A density wave is like a crowd of people in a stadium. The people are all packed together at one end of the stadium, and they gradually spread out until they reach the other end.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like the paintbrush of a painter. They help to speed up the chemical reactions in our cells, which is necessary for life. Enzymes can be found in all living things and they play an important role in how we function.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like the paintbrush of a painter. They help to create the final product by speeding up chemical reactions in the body.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are proteins that catalyze (speed up) biochemical reactions.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
The human active memory system can be thought of as an artist's sketchbook. The artist begins with a few basic sketches, and then fills in the details over time. Similarly, our brains begin with a basic understanding of things we see and hear, and then build on that knowledge over time.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Your active memory system can be thought of as an electronic filing cabinet. It is where you store the information that you are currently using, or that you will need soon. The contents of your active memory change constantly, as new information is added and old information is forgotten. To keep track of all the different bits of information in your active memory, you use a mental filing system. This system helps you to remember where each piece of information is stored, so that you can find it quickly when needed.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The human active memory system is like an artist's studio. The artist has a lot of supplies in the studio and can choose what to use based on the project they are working on. The artist also has a mental sketchbook where they store ideas for future projects.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The rate-determining step is the slowest step in a reaction. It determines how quickly a reaction will happen.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a chemical reaction. The rate-determining step determines how fast a reaction will take place.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
In an arts student, rate-determining step might be the time it takes them to learn and practice a new skill. The faster they can learn and practice, the more quickly they will improve their skills.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and then a solvent is added. The components of the mixture will dissolve in the solvent, but at different rates. The more soluble components will move through the column faster than the less soluble components. This allows for the separation of the components of the mixture.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Column chromatography is similar to how an artist uses a canvas and paints to create a work of art. The artist starts with a blank canvas and adds paint in layers, creating different colors and shades. Column chromatography works in the same way; the starting material (the "blank canvas") is added to the column, and then different solvents are used to separate the different compounds in the sample.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Column chromatography can be thought of as a large, vertical maze. A small sample of the substance being analyzed is placed at the top of the column, and then a liquid solvent is slowly poured down through the maze. As the solvent travels through the column, it separates out different substances in the sample, based on their chemical properties. At the bottom of the column, each substance will have migrated to a different spot, where it can be collected and studied.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is a bit like two people, each standing on one side of a see-saw. The see-saw is in balance because the weight of each person is equal. If one person steps off the see-saw, it will start to tip in that direction until the other person balances it again. In the same way, when chemicals are in dynamic equilibrium, their concentrations are equal and there is no net change in their concentration.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A musical piece is in equilibrium when the melody and accompaniment are balanced. If one element dominates, the equilibrium is disrupted and the piece becomes unbalanced. In a similar way, chemical reactions can be in dynamic equilibrium when the concentrations of reactants and products are equal. This happens when the forward and reverse reactions occur at equal rates so that no net change occurs over time.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a see-saw. If one side of the see-saw goes up, then the other side must go down to maintain balance. In the same way, if one side of a chemical reaction goes up, then the other side must go down to maintain balance.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is like a large container in the cells of plants and animals. It helps to store food, water, and other materials.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is like an artist's canvas. It is a space where things can be stored or worked on until they are ready to be used.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuum cleaner is a household appliance that uses an air pump to create a partial vacuum around a bag or container of dust, dirt, and other debris. This causes the debris to be drawn into the vacuum cleaner where it is trapped in the bag or container. A vacuole is like a miniature vacuum cleaner inside each cell in your body. It collects waste products and recycles them so that they can be used again by the cell.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A transport vesicle is like a small, enclosed boat that carries cargo (e.g., proteins) from one part of a cell to another. The boat moves along tiny canals called microtubules, which run throughout the cell. This system of transportation allows cells to quickly and efficiently move materials around their interior.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If you imagine the cell as a city, then the nucleus would be its downtown area - it's where all the important buildings are. The cytoplasm is like the streets and sidewalks that run through the city, while transport vesicles would be like cars or buses travelling along those roads. Just as cars and buses can help people get around quickly and easily within a city, transport vesicles can help proteins and other materials move quickly and easily throughout the cytoplasm of a cell.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If you imagine the cell as a city, then the nucleus would be the downtown area - where all the important government buildings are. The cytoplasm would be like the suburbs - it's not as important, but it's still necessary for everyday life. Transport vesicles would be like small cars that carry goods and people between different parts of the city.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes can be thought of as the "early warning system" of cancer. They are genes that normally help to control cell growth and division, but which can sometimes become mutated and start to promote tumor growth instead.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A proto-oncogene is a gene that has the potential to become an oncogene. An oncogene is a gene that can cause cancer. Proto-oncogenes are normal genes that can be turned into oncogenes by mutations.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Proto-oncogenes are like the raw materials that an artist might use to create a painting. They can be used to make beautiful things, or they can be used to make something terrible. It all depends on how you use them.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An oncogene is a gene that can cause cancer. It's like a switch that turns on the tumor-forming process.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Oncogenes are like the paintbrushes of a painter. They allow the artist to create beautiful works of art. Likewise, oncogenes allow cells to become cancerous and divide uncontrollably.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Oncogenes are like pieces of a puzzle. Each one is important, and if it's missing or not working properly, the puzzle won't be complete. In the same way, oncogenes play an important role in cancer development. They help tumor cells grow and spread.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep cells from growing and dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way. This can help to prevent tumors from forming.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Tumor suppressor genes can be thought of as the "building inspectors" of the body. They are responsible for ensuring that cancer cells do not form and grow out of control. When these genes are working properly, they keep the body's cells in check and functioning normally. However, if tumor suppressor genes become damaged or mutated, it can allow cancer cells to form and grow unchecked.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think of tumor suppressor genes is as the brakes on a car. Just like cars need brakes to keep them from going too fast and crashing, cells need tumor suppressor genes to keep them from growing out of control and becoming cancerous. Tumor suppressor genes work by stopping cell growth or division when it gets too high, repairing damaged DNA, and helping the cell die if it's no longer needed.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Brittle software is like a vase. It looks beautiful and fragile from the outside, but it's actually quite strong. However, if you drop it or knock it against something, it will shatter into pieces.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If software is compared to a work of art, then it would be easy to see how brittle software could be seen as a fragile piece. Just like a delicate glass sculpture that can easily shatter if mishandled, brittle software is prone to breaking when any type of change or stress is applied.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Brittle software is like a china teacup. It can be beautiful and delicate, but it's also easily broken. If you're not careful, even the slightest bump can cause it to shatter into pieces.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
In the arts, resonance is often used to describe the effect of a sound or musical note that causes other sounds to vibrate sympathetically. In physics, resonance is a phenomenon in which a system forced to oscillate at one frequency responds by amplifying the oscillation at that same frequency while reducing oscillations at other frequencies.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Resonance hybrid is a term used in chemistry to describe the combined electron structure of atoms or molecules. It can be thought of as an "average" of the different structures that could exist, and is often more stable than any of the individual structures. In art, resonance hybrid might be used to describe a work that incorporates multiple elements or styles into a cohesive whole.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An analogy for resonance hybrid could be the formation of a chord in music. A chord is formed by two or more notes played together, and when they are played together in just the right way, they create a new sound that is different from either note on its own. This is similar to how resonance hybridization occurs, as it creates a new molecule with properties that are different from those of the individual atoms involved.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A wave mechanical model is like a map of an area. The map can show the different roads, rivers, and mountains in the area. It can also help you figure out where you are in relation to everything else. A wave mechanical model does the same thing for molecules. It shows how they move around and how they interact with each other.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The wave mechanical model is like an orchestra. The particles in the system (the atoms in a gas, for example) are like the musicians. They all vibrate at different frequencies and amplitudes. When you add them all together, you get a composite waveform that describes the behavior of the system as a whole.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The wave mechanical model is an analogy that helps explain the behavior of particles in a system. It compares the behavior of particles to waves traveling through water. Just as waves travel through water and cause movement in the surrounding water, particles in a system are said to be influenced by their neighboring particles. This influence creates a wave-like pattern that travels through the system.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that records the electrical activity of your brain. It uses small, sticky pads called electrodes that are placed on your head. The electrodes pick up the tiny amounts of electricity that are released when your brain cells send messages to each other.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
EEG is like a movie of the brain in action. It records the electrical activity of the brain, which can be used to diagnose problems or track changes in the brain over time.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A musician might use an electroencephalogram (EEG) to measure the electrical activity of her brain while she practices a new piece. The EEG can help her understand which parts of the music are causing the most difficulty, so she can focus on those areas during practice. In a similar way, doctors and scientists use EEGs to study brain activity in people with epilepsy or other neurological disorders.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a duplicate of a painting. The painter first creates the original painting, then copies it to create the duplicate. DNA replication is very similar; the genetic information in the original DNA strand is copied to create a new strand.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Dna replication is similar to a musician duplicating a CD. The musician takes the original CD and copies it, resulting in two identical CDs. Dna replication is also similar to a photocopier copying a document. The photocopier makes an exact replica of the original document.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a duplicate of a painting. The artist takes the original painting and copies it, creating an identical copy. In the same way, DNA replication copies the genetic information in DNA, resulting in two identical strands of DNA.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Rna transcription can be thought of as an artist painting a picture. The artist has a blank canvas and starts by creating the outline of the picture with some basic shapes. Next, the artist fills in the details of the picture, adding color and shading to create a realistic image. In much the same way, rna polymerases use base pairs to create the outline of an rna molecule and then add nucleotides to fill in the details.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
RNA transcription is very similar to writing a story. The RNA molecule is like a sheet of paper, and the genetic code is like the text of the story. Just as a writer needs pencil and paper to write down a story, the cell needs RNA and enzymes to transcribe DNA into RNA.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The transcription of RNA is a bit like writing out a story. The main idea or plot is decided upon, and then the individual words are put together to create the finished product. In this case, the "story" would be the sequence of genetic instructions that make up a particular gene, and the "writer" would be the enzyme that makes copies of that gene's DNA.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
 Protein translation is like a play. The protein is the script and the ribosomes are the actors. The mRNA tells the ribosomes what to do and they follow the instructions to create a new protein.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The process of protein translation can be thought of as an assembly line in a factory. The instructions for making the protein are written out on a sheet of paper (the gene), and this is fed into the factory. The factory contains all of the equipment needed to make the protein, including machines for reading the instructions, tools for cutting and shaping the protein, and machines for putting it together. The finished product emerges from the other end of the factory.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Protein translation is similar to the way a play is translated from one language to another. The protein sequence (the text of the play) is first read and then interpreted into a new form (the translated play). This process uses specific instructions called codons, which act as letters in the genetic code. Just as different words have different meanings in different languages, so too do codons have unique meanings within the genome.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An ecosystem is like a big painting. The different parts of the painting - the sky, the ground, the trees, and so on - each have their own role in making the whole thing work. The same is true for an ecosystem: all of its parts work together to create a balanced and healthy system.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a theater production. The environment (stage) provides the necessary conditions for life to occur, while the plants and animals (actors) interact with one another to create an ordered system. Just as a well-run theater production requires careful planning and execution, so too does an effective ecosystem require a delicate balance among its component parts.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a big, complex painting. The painting has many different colors, shapes, and textures that all work together to create a beautiful masterpiece. Similarly, the different components of an ecosystem—including plants, animals, and the environment itself—all interact with one another to create a balanced and thriving system.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
When an action potential is generated in the neuron's dendrite, it travels down the axon to the soma. The action potential then causes voltage-gated Na+ channels to open, and Na+ ions flood into the cell. This depolarizes the cell membrane, which triggers more voltage-gated Na+ channels to open. This process continues until all of the voltage-gated Na+ channels are opened and the cell reaches its threshold potential. At this point, an action potential is generated and transmitted down the axon.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
When an action potential is generated at the dendrite of a neuron, it travels down the axon to the terminal buttons. The action potential then causes calcium ions to flow into the synaptic vesicles. This process triggers the release of neurotransmitters, which cross the synaptic gap and bind to receptors on the postsynaptic membrane. This initiates an electrical signal that travels along the neuron until it reaches another synapse.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be thought of as the spreading of waves in a body of water. Just as waves travel faster and farther when they are bigger, the amplitude (size) of an action potential increases as it travels down the neuron. This means that the initial wavefront (the leading edge of the action potential) will be larger than the ones that follow, and will therefore trigger more sodium channels to open. This process then repeats itself, creating a new wavefront with each opening of a sodium channel until the action potential reaches the end of the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Breathing in frogs is similar to breathing in humans. The lungs inflate as air enters through the nose or mouth and are compressed by the body as the frog breathes out. However, frogs also have a system of small blood vessels called capillaries which run under their skin. These capillaries allow oxygen from the air to diffuse directly into the frog's bloodstream, meaning that they can breathe even when their head is submerged underwater.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The breathing mechanism of frogs is similar to the way humans breathe. Air enters the lungs through tiny air sacs, and carbon dioxide is expelled from the body. Frogs also have a network of blood vessels called capillaries that surround their lungs. When the frog inhales, the capillaries fill with blood. The oxygen in the air diffuses into the blood, and when the frog exhales, carbon dioxide from the blood flows back into the lungs.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog uses its lungs to take in oxygen from the air and then delivers it to the blood stream. Frogs also have a special circulatory system called the lymphatic system which helps them absorb oxygen through their skin.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Layered architecture is much like an onion. It has many layers that are all connected, but you can only see and access certain layers depending on what you are looking for. The outside layer is the easiest to see and access, but the inside layer is hidden and protected.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cake is a good analogy for layered architecture. The cake has several layers, and each layer is a different flavor. The bottom layer might be chocolate, the middle layer might be vanilla, and the top layer might be strawberry. Each of these flavors is separate from the others, but they are all part of the same cake.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A good way to think of layered architecture is as if it were an onion. Each layer is a different part of the system, and each one can be peeled back to get a better understanding of what's happening on the inside. The outermost layer is the user interface. This is what the user sees and interacts with when using the system. Beneath that are the business logic layers, which contain all of the code that makes everything work behind-the-scenes. The lowest layer contains all of the database code and interaction logic.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
In an art class, the instructor might be teaching students about the difference between a limited and excess reactant. A limited reactant is one that is in short supply and will eventually run out. An excess reactant is one that is available in large quantities and will not be used up. In terms of an art class, this could be interpreted as a metaphor for using all of the paint or all of the paper. Once it's gone, it's gone!	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A limiting reactant is a substance that limits the amount of product that can be formed in a chemical reaction. The excess reactant is the other reactant present in excess of the amount needed to form the desired product.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource that is needed in order for a reaction to occur. For example, if someone wants to make a painting, they need paint and canvas. The amount of paint dictates how much can be used on the canvas while the amount of canvas dictates how large the painting can be. In this analogy, the paint would be considered the limiting reactant while the canvas would be considered the excess reactant. Another example might involve baking cookies. Sugar is one of the ingredients and it's possible to make different quantities of cookies by varying how much sugar is used. If there's only enough sugar for 3 batches of cookies then at 4 batches we'd start running out (the sugar would become the limiting reactant).	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A eukaryotic cell can be compared to an art studio. The nucleus is the artist, controlling everything that goes on within the cell. The mitochondria are the assistants, helping to create energy for the artist to use. The cytoplasm is the canvas, on which all of the action takes place. And finally, the plasma membrane is like a picture frame, keeping everything in place.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A eukaryotic cell is like an orchestra with many different instruments working together. Each instrument has a specific job, but they all work together to create beautiful music. The cell's nucleus is the conductor, guiding and coordinating the other parts of the cell.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A eukaryotic cell is like an artist's studio. It is a place where creative work can be done. The nucleus is the boss, telling all of the other parts what to do. The mitochondria are the workers, providing energy for the cell. The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding that holds everything together. And finally, the plasma membrane is like the window through which people can view the artwork inside.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like an artist's canvas. The cell wall is the stretched surface onto which proteins, DNA, and other molecules are deposited. The cytoplasm is the paint that fills in the spaces between the cells and provides nutrients for all of the cells' inhabitants.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, simple house. It has walls, a roof, and a floor, but no windows or doors. The cells living inside are like the people who live in the house. They can move around and interact with each other, but they can't leave the house.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell can be thought of as an individual artist, while a eukaryotic cell can be thought of as an art collective. Prokaryotes are single cells that complete all the tasks necessary for life on their own (they are self-sufficient). Eukaryotes, on the other hand, are composed of many smaller cells that work together to carry out complex functions.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An operating system kernel is similar to the engine of a car. It provides basic functionality for the car, such as starting it, steering it, and braking it. The kernel also allocates resources to other parts of the car, such as the seats and the radio. In much the same way, an operating system kernel allocates resources to other parts of the computer, such as memory and disk space.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The kernel of an operating system is like the brain of a human. It controls all the basic functions of the system and coordinates communication between different parts of the system.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An operating system kernel can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It is responsible for managing all of the different components inside the machine and ensuring that everything runs smoothly. In much the same way, an artist's brain is responsible for orchestrating all of their artistic skills and ensuring that their work flows together cohesively.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A limiting reactant is a chemical in a reaction that becomes exhausted first, therefore limiting the amount of product that can be formed. In an art class, one might think of paint as the limiting reactant. Once all of the blue paint has been used up, no more green or yellow paint can be mixed to create new colors.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A limiting reactant is a chemical in a reaction that becomes depleted first, and as a result the reaction eventually stops. In an art class, this might be analogous to the amount of paint or other artistic mediums available to create a work of art. Once the supply of paint is used up, no more pictures can be created.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A limiting reactant is a chemical that limits the amount of product that can be formed in a chemical reaction. In other words, it's the ingredient that gets used up first. For example, if you're baking a cake and you only have one egg, that egg will be the limiting reactant. It'll limit how big your cake can get because once it's been used up, no more cake can be made.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Helicase is a enzyme that helps to unravel the DNA double helix so that it can be used for transcription. It works by binding to the DNA and then using energy from ATP to break the hydrogen bonds between the bases. This makes it easier for other enzymes to read and copy the DNA sequence.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Helicase is the enzyme that unwinds DNA strands. It can be thought of as an artist who uses a canvas and paints to create a work of art. In much the same way, helicase uses the genetic material (DNA) as its "canvas" and "paints" by separating the two strands.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
When an artist paints a picture, they use a brush to apply paint to a canvas. The artist starts at one end of the canvas and paints all the way across. They then start at the other end of the canvas and do the same thing. This is what helicase does - it travels along DNA, unwinding it as it goes.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Just as an actor needs a script in order to perform a play, dna replication binding proteins need the genetic instructions written on the dna strand in order to do their job. The proteins attach themselves to specific locations along the dna helix, and then help "unzip" it so that the two complementary strands can separate. Once this is done, each of the individual strands serves as a template for creating a new double-stranded molecule.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Replication binding proteins can be thought of as the nails used to attach a picture frame to a wall. Just as these nails hold the frame in place, replication binding proteins help keep DNA strands together during replication.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The dna replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold the frames of a house together. The proteins help to keep the dna strands together while they are replicated.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to join DNA strands together. It does this by linking the free ends of two DNA molecules. This process is called ligation.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Ligase is an enzyme that helps to join two DNA strands together. It does this by creating a bond between the two nucleotides at their ends. This process is called ligation, and it's what makes it possible for DNA to replicate itself.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Ligase is used in the arts world to create a bond between two pieces of material. It can be used to attach fabric together, or to attach two ends of a ribbon. Ligase creates a strong and permanent bond that will not easily come undone.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Process control block is similar to the conductor of an orchestra. The conductor ensures that all the instruments are playing together in perfect harmony, and they also keep track of time so that everyone knows when to come in and when to finish. In the same way, a process control block oversees all the tasks being completed by a program, making sure that each one happens at the right time and in the right order. It can also track how much time each task takes so that the program can be optimized for efficiency.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A process control block is like a traffic controller in a city. The controller ensures that cars are not backed up and that each car has a chance to move through the city's streets. In the same way, a process control block oversees the execution of instructions in a program, making sure that each instruction has its turn to run and that no instructions are running at the same time.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Process control block is a lot like the director of a play. The director makes sure that everything runs smoothly and that all the actors are in sync. They also help to keep track of the progress of the play so that they can make any necessary changes along the way. In much the same way, a process control block ensures that all aspects of a process are running smoothly and helps to keep track of their progress so that any necessary changes can be made.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Message encoding is a process of transforming readable text into an encoded format, which can only be understood by the recipient if they have the corresponding decoding key.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Encoding a message is like writing down a secret code that only the sender and receiver know. The code can be any sequence of letters, numbers, or symbols. To encode a message, the sender first writes it in plain text (the language everyone can understand). Next, they use a code book to find the corresponding sequence of letters, numbers, or symbols for each letter in the message. They then write these codes next to each other in place of the plain text. When the recipient gets the message, they use their own copy of the code book to decode it back into plain text.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Message encoding is the process of transforming a message into a format that can be transmitted over a communication channel. The message is first compressed to remove any unnecessary data, and then encrypted to make it harder for unauthorized parties to read. Finally, the compressed and encrypted message is packetized and sent over the network. At the receiving end, the packets are unpacked and decrypted before being reassembled into the original message.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Drugs and receptor sites interact in a way that can be compared to two pieces of Velcro. The drugs are like the hooks, while the receptor site is like the loops. When these two items come together, they create a bond that is difficult to break. This interaction is what allows the drug to work its magic on the body.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Interaction between drugs and receptor sites can be thought of as a dance. The drug is the lead dancer, while the receptor site is the partner. The two work together to create beautiful choreography that results in either a positive or negative effect on the body.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Drugs and receptor sites interact much in the same way that different pieces of a puzzle fit together. The drugs are the various shapes and sizes of pieces, while the receptor site is like the empty space in the middle of the puzzle. Just as different shapes and sizes of puzzle pieces fit together perfectly, so too do different drugs and receptor sites. When a drug molecule fits into a receptor site perfectly, it is called an agonist; when it does not fit perfectly, it is called an antagonist.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is a device used to view images. It can be used for entertainment, such as watching television or movies, or for work, such as viewing a computer screen.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A monitor is like a window into the digital world. It displays the images that are output from a computer or other electronic device.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is a device used to view an image. In the context of art, it could be used to view a digital painting or photograph.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
When you are painting, CPU is like the canvas that your artwork will be displayed on. The more CPU power you have, the larger and more detailed your masterpiece can be.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Your brain is like a cpu. It can only do one thing at a time. While you are reading this, you are not thinking about anything else.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A CPU is like an artist's paintbrush. The CPU can be used to create a variety of different designs and pictures on the screen.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the central nervous system of a computer. It is a large circuit board that holds many of the key components of a computer, such as the processor, memory, and slots for expansion cards. The motherboard plugs into the back of the case and all other components plug into it.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The motherboard is the foundation, or backbone, of a computer. It holds all of the important components in place and allows them to communicate with one another. Similarly, in an arts context, the motherboard could be thought of as the basic structure or underlying principle around which a work is created.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A motherboard is the foundation of a computer system. It holds all of the essential components and allows them to communicate with each other. Just as a house would not be able to stand without a strong foundation, a computer would not be able to function without a motherboard.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ram is a type of software that helps computers to process information faster. Ram stands for Random Access Memory, which is the part of your computer's memory where data is stored while you are using it. This means that when you are working on a document or browsing the internet, the data is being accessed randomly from different parts of the ram. The more ram your computer has, the faster it can access this data, meaning that programs will run smoother and you'll be able to multitask more easily	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Ram is a word that can be used to describe both a male sheep and the act of sexual intercourse. To an arts student, ram might be described as a tool for procreation used by two animals during mating.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ram is a word often used in poetry to represent the sound of thunder. It can also be used as a metaphor for power or force.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A power supply unit (PSU) is a device that supplies electric power to an electrical circuit. In most cases, it converts alternating current (AC) to direct current (DC), which is the type of electricity required by electronic devices such as computers and televisions.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A power supply unit (PSU) is like the engine in a car. It converts raw electricity into a form that can be used by the various components inside the computer. The PSU is important because it determines how much power your system can draw and how stable that power will be. A good PSU can mean the difference between a smooth running system and one that's constantly crashing.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A power supply unit (PSU) is like the gas tank in a car. It provides power to run the engine, which in turn powers the car's various systems. A PSU has a certain wattage rating, just like a car has a certain horsepower rating. The higher the wattage rating, the more powerful the PSU will be.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A keyboard is a musical instrument that consists of keys arranged in a certain order. When these keys are pressed, they sound notes.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A keyboard is like a piano. It has keys that when pressed, produce sound.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A keyboard is like a piano. You can use your fingers to play different keys and make music.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Mouse is a computer input device that is used to control the movement of the cursor on a screen. It is typically made up of two main parts - the body (or chassis), and the pointer (or mouse button). The user holds the mouse in their hand and moves it around on a flat surface, while pressing one or more buttons located on top of it. This sends signals to the computer which then move the cursor according to how the mouse was moved.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A mouse is a small rodent that is commonly found in homes. They are known for their ability to nest in small places and for their love of cheese!	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is common in many parts of the world. It has a pointed snout, tiny eyes and ears, and a long tail. Mice live in holes in the ground, under furniture, or inside walls. They eat seeds, grains, fruits, and other plant material.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
An audio card is like a musician's sheet music. It is a collection of written instructions that tell the musician which notes to play and how to play them. Just as musicians need sheet music in order to perform, computer users need an audio card in order to hear sounds from their computer.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An audio card is similar to a paintbrush for an artist. Just as an artist needs the right brush to create a desired effect, a musician needs the right audio card to create the best possible sound. Audio cards can vary in quality and price, so it's important for musicians to select one that will produce the sound they're looking for.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A sound card, also called an audio card, is a computer expansion card that allows computers to produce high-quality sounds. The most common use for sound cards is to allow computers to play music and other sounds through speakers.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A video card is like a canvas for an artist. The video card can be used to create beautiful digital art, just like an artist can use a canvas to create beautiful paintings.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A video card is like a canvas for an artist. It is the surface on which they create their work. The video card determines what quality and resolution of image will be displayed.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A video card is like a canvas that an artist can use to create a painting. The video card has many different colors and textures that the artist can use to create their masterpiece.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The tree's age calculation is like counting the number of years between two specific points in time. The first point would be when the tree was planted, and the second point would be when it was measured.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The tree's age calculation is like counting how many years have passed since a tree was planted.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The tree's age calculation is like counting the number of years that have passed since a tree was planted.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose (a type of sugar) into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of cells and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Glycolysis is a bit like cooking. The cook takes some raw ingredients, and by heating and stirring them together, they create something new - a dish that didn't exist before. In the same way, glycolysis takes glucose (a type of sugar) and breaks it down into two smaller molecules called pyruvate. These new molecules can then be used to power the cell's activities.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Glycolysis is the process by which glucose molecules are converted into energy. This process happens in the cytoplasm of cells and it is necessary for cellular respiration. Energy is needed to power all activities of cells, including cell division, movement, and protein synthesis.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
In anti-stokes scattering, the photons are scattered in the opposite direction of the incoming light. This occurs when there is an energy difference between the incident photon and the emitted photon. In other words, when a photon with more energy collides with an atom, it can cause the atom to emit a lower energy photon in a different direction.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
When light shines on a surface, some of the light waves are absorbed by the object and some are reflected. If you shine a flashlight in a dark room, the light will be scattered in all directions. Some of the light waves will bounce off the walls and floor and go back out into the room, while others will scatter in all directions and end up hitting your eyes.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Anti-stokes scattering can be thought of as the light equivalent to a noise-cancelling headphone. Just as the headphones work by detecting and cancelling out ambient noise, anti-stokes scattering works by detecting and cancelling out scattered light.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Stokes scattering is much like the scattering of light off of a diamond. Just as light is scattered in all directions when it hits a diamond, sound is scattered in all directions when it hits an obstacle.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Stokes scattering is like when you throw a rock into a pond and the ripples spread out. The radiation (in this analogy, the rock) scatters off of something in its path (the water), and causes waves to radiate outwards.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Light is like a stream of tiny particles called photons. When light shines on something, the photons bounce off the object and go in all different directions. This is called stokes scattering.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The median lethal dose (LD50) is the dose of a substance that kills 50% of the test population. It can be used to measure the toxicity of a substance. In other words, it is the amount of a toxin necessary to kill half of the organisms exposed to it within a specific time frame. For example, if LD50 for a particular chemical is 1000 mg/kg, then it would take 1000 mg/kg of that chemical to kill 50% of the test animals within 24 hours.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a drug or other substance that will kill 50% of those who take it. This means that if you took 100 people and gave them all different doses of the same drug, 50 would die from taking a dose above the median lethal dose, and 50 would die from taking a dose below it.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that is expected to kill half of a population of animals or humans exposed to it. For example, if you have a jar full of 100 snakes and 50 of them are venomous, then the median lethal dose would be the amount of venom needed to kill 50% of the snakes in the jar.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The universe is like a great painting. It is vast and contains many different colors, shapes, and sizes. There are billions of stars in the sky, each one unique. The universe is always changing; it never stays the same for very long.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The universe is like an immense painting. It has billions of colors, shapes, and sizes. Each thing in the universe—a star, a planet, a person—is unique. The universe is constantly changing; it's never the same from one moment to the next.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The universe can be thought of as a great painting. It is immense and contains billions of stars, planets, and other objects. The painting has been in progress for thousands or even billions of years. To the artist, it is a work of art that they are passionate about creating.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They work by attaching to one molecule of a substance called the substrate, and then breaking it down into two smaller molecules. This process is called catalysis. The enzymes can only work if they have the correct shape, so scientists study their structure in order to better understand how they work.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Enzyme mechanism is similar to an artist using a paintbrush. The artist dips the brush into the paint and applies it to the canvas. The painter's hand guides the motion of the brush, which picks up paint from the palette and deposits it on the surface of the painting. In a similar way, enzymes bind to their substrates (the "paint") and then transfer that substrate to another molecule (the "canvas"). Enzymes are able to control how much substrate is transferred, as well as where it goes. This allows them to create specific reactions in cells that result in life-sustaining processes such as digestion and energy production.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Enzyme mechanism can be explained using the analogy of a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock, and the substrate is the key. When the key (substrate) fits into the lock (enzyme), it creates a chemical reaction that converts one molecule of substrate into another molecule.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
With anova, you are looking at the differences between groups of data. In art, you might be looking at different styles of painting or types of sculpture. With anova, you would be looking at how the different groups (styles/types) differ from each other.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Anova is an acronym for "analysis of variance." It is a technique used in statistics to compare the means of two or more groups.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
ANOVA is an acronym that stands for Analysis of Variance. It is a technique used in statistics to analyze the variation among groups of data. In particular, ANOVA can be used to determine whether there is a significant difference between the means of two or more groups.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A thermostat is a device in your home that helps control the temperature. It does this by sensing the air temperature and then turning on or off either the furnace or air conditioner to try and reach the desired temperature.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A thermostat is a device used to regulate the temperature in a room or building. It works by sensing the ambient temperature and then sending out a signal to either turn on or off the heating or cooling system accordingly.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A thermostat is a device used to regulate the temperature of a room or building. It does this by sensing the ambient air temperature and then activating or deactivating devices such as heaters or air conditioners in order to maintain the desired set point.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Chemical equilibrium can be best explained by using the analogy of a seesaw. Just as two children sitting on either end of a seesaw will balance each other out, so too do the amounts of reactants and products in chemical equilibrium. In order for the reaction to continue, both the forward and reverse reactions must occur at the same rate.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium is much like a musician playing an instrument. When all the notes are played in balance, the result is a beautiful and harmonic sound. In chemistry, chemical equilibrium is reached when the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. This results in no net change in concentration of any species involved in the reaction.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium is a bit like a see-saw. When one side gets too high, the other side automatically goes down to balance it out again. In the same way, when one chemical reaction in a system starts to happen more quickly than the others, the reactions that are going more slowly will catch up until everything is happening at the same speed again. This process happens over and over again until there's no change in the overall amount of chemicals present	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Just-in-time is a method of production that aims to reduce waste and ensure that only the necessary goods are produced. Rather than producing items in advance and storing them, just-in-time production relies on having suppliers deliver the necessary components as they are needed in the manufacturing process. This reduces the need for storage space and helps to avoid inventory shortages.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
In the same way that a just-in-time production system for cars aims to have only the necessary parts on hand at any given time, thereby minimizing waste and inventory costs, a JIT approach to arts education would emphasize acquiring skills as they are needed rather than accumulating them long in advance. In this way, students could focus their efforts on learning what is most important for their current artistic goals while also developing a sense of openness towards future possibilities.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Just-in-time is an inventory management system that aims to reduce the cost of holding stock by receiving goods only as they are needed in production. This means that a company does not order more components or materials than it needs for the next few days or weeks, which can help to avoid wastage and keep costs down.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a bouncer at a club. The bouncer is constantly watching the door, and when someone tries to enter who isn't supposed to, he stops them. This is analogous to how adaptive immunity recognizes and fights off intruders (such as viruses), while innate immunity is more like the security guard who is always present in the club.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an immune system that is constantly learning and evolving. It is able to remember previous infections and adapt its response accordingly. This allows the body to develop long-term immunity to specific diseases.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Adaptive immunity can be compared to an artist’s ability to adjust and perfect their work. The immune system is constantly adapting, learning from previous experiences and adjusting its response in order to better protect the body against future attacks. This process allows the immune system to become more efficient over time, similar to how an artist becomes better at their craft with practice.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Just as an artist uses different colors and brushes to create a painting, an electrician uses voltage, current, and resistance to create an electrical circuit. Voltage is the pressure or force that pushes electricity through a circuit. Current is the flow of electricity through a wire. Resistance is how much opposition there is to the flow of electricity. The greater the resistance in a circuit, the less current will flow through it. Ohm's law states that the amount of current flowing through a circuit is directly proportional to the voltage applied to it and inversely proportional to the resistance in it.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ohm's law states that in an electric circuit, the current through a resistor is directly proportional to the voltage across the resistor. In other words, if you increase the voltage across a resistor, then the current through that resistor will also increase.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
When an electric current flows through a wire, it creates a magnetic field around the wire. The strength of this magnetic field is determined by how much current is flowing and how big the wire is. If you have two wires with the same amount of current running through them, but one has a bigger diameter than the other, then the wire with the bigger diameter will create a stronger magnetic field. This principle is called "ohm's law." It states that if you have two wires with different resistances (diameters), then the wire with the higher resistance (bigger diameter) will create a stronger magnetic field.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Transcription can be thought of as taking a picture of a painting. The transcription process is very much like taking a picture of the Mona Lisa - you need to be close enough to get all the details, but not so close that you destroy the original. In order to create a transcript, we must listen closely to every word spoken by the speaker and type them verbatim.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Transcription is the process of copying a text from one form to another, often with changes in wording or grammar. It is similar to translation, but instead of moving between languages, transcription moves between different media forms. For example, transcribing a novel from written text into an audio recording would involve rewriting the words so they can be spoken aloud.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Transcription is similar to taking a picture of a painting. The artist's original creation is the painting, and the transcription is a photograph of that painting.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Rna polymerase is the "glue" that helps to hold together the individual pieces of rna. It does this by creating a bond between the nucleotides that make up each strand of rna. This process is similar to how an artist might use glue to stick together the individual pieces of a puzzle, in order to create a complete picture.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Rna polymerase is like a machine that reads a book. It goes through the book, one letter at a time, and creates a new copy of the book based on what it reads.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A polymerase is a large enzyme that helps create new strands of DNA. It does this by creating a copy of an existing strand of DNA, and then uses that copy as a template to create a new strand. In the same way, RNA polymerase helps create new strands of RNA by creating a copy of an existing strand of RNA, and then using that copy as a template to create a new strand.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are the tiny machines in our cells that turn the genetic information in DNA into proteins. Just as an artist might use a canvas, paints, and brushes to create a work of art, ribosomes use molecules called amino acids to build proteins.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The ribosome can be thought of as the "factory" that manufactures all of the proteins used by the cell. It is made up of two parts: a small and a large subunit. The small subunit reads the genetic code (contained in DNA) and uses it to synthesize a specific protein. The large subunit then helps to assemble the newly-made protein into its correct 3D shape.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the backstage crew of a play. They aren't seen by the audience, but they're responsible for putting on the show. Ribosomes read the instructions in DNA and create proteins according to those instructions.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An activator protein is like a conductor of an orchestra. It helps to initiate and regulate the biochemical reactions that occur in living cells.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Activator proteins are like the directors or conductors of an orchestra. They help to orchestrate and regulate the activities of other proteins in a cell, thereby controlling how a cell functions.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
In biochemistry, activator proteins are molecules that activate other proteins. They do this by binding to a specific site on the target protein and then changing its conformation so that it can be activated. This process is similar to how an artist might use a brush to activate paint, making it possible for them to create a work of art.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electricity flows through a circuit like water flows through a hose. If there is a break in the hose, the water will stop flowing. If there is a break in the electric circuit, the electricity will stop flowing.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An electric circuit can be thought of as a journey that electrons take from a starting point (the power source) to an ending point (a lightbulb, for example). The way the electrons flow is determined by the shape and layout of the circuit. If there's a break in the circuit, or if something blocks the path of the electrons, they won't be able to reach their destination and the lightbulb will go out.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An electric circuit is like a very long and thin hose. If you turn on the faucet at one end, water will flow through the hose until it gets to the other end. Electric current works in a similar way. If you have a battery and some wires, electricity will flow through the wires until it reaches the light bulb or whatever else you're trying to power.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Water droplets will bead up on a hydrophobic surface, because the water molecules are repelled by the hydrophobic surface. This is known as the hydrophobic effect.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This occurs because polar molecules, which are attracted to water, interfere with the interaction between nonpolar molecules.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Water molecules are polar, meaning that the oxygen atom has a partial negative charge and the hydrogen atoms have a partial positive charge. The polarity of water molecules causes them to be attracted to each other, which is why they form clusters and droplets. Nonpolar molecules, such as oil, are not attracted to water because they do not have any polar bonds. When two different types of molecules are mixed together, the nonpolar ones will try to push away from the polar ones in order to minimize their exposure to the water. This is known as the hydrophobic effect.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to an arts student.	ht	arts	0
In biology, signal transduction is the process by which a cellular response is triggered in response to an external stimulus. This can be likened to how an orchestra director might cue different sections of the orchestra to play specific notes or melodies in order to create a musical piece. In the same way, different proteins within cells work together as a team to orchestrate various biochemical responses that allow the cell to interact with its environment.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
When an artist wants to create a painting, they first have a thought or idea in their head. This is the signal that is transmitted from their brain to their hands and onto the canvas. The painter then uses various tools (paint, brush, etc.) to create the image they had in mind. In much the same way, when cells receive a signal (from outside or inside of the body), they use enzymes and proteins to turn that signal into something that can be acted on. This allows cells to respond quickly and efficiently to changes in their environment.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The process of signal transduction can be likened to a person trying to communicate with someone in a different language. The biological signal (the message) is like the words, and the receptor proteins on the cell membrane are like the ears of the listener. When the signal molecule binds to its receptor, it starts a chain reaction that ultimately leads to the production of new proteins inside the cell. These new proteins then carry out specialized tasks such as regulating gene expression or controlling cellular functions. Just as learning a new language takes time and practice, so too does signal transduction require repeated exposure to signals in order for cells to respond properly.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nadh is like the conductor of an orchestra. It helps to orchestrate the chemical reactions that allow the body to create energy.	nadh	Explain nadh using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Proteins are like the paint on an artist's canvas. Just as the paint can be used to create different colors and textures, proteins can be used to create different structures and functions in the body.	proteins	Explain proteins using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
DNA is like a blueprint for a house. It contains all of the information needed to build a house.	dna	Explain dna using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Glycogen is like a big box of crayons. It's a storage molecule for glucose, which is like the primary color red. When your body needs energy, it can break down glycogen into glucose molecules, which it can then use for fuel.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a giant artists' canvas. The canvas is stretched out and filled with paint (proteins). The proteins are then shaped and formed into the final product.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like an art studio. It is where the artist can work on their paintings, adding layers of paint and detail. The paintings are then packaged up and sent to the exhibition hall.	golgi	Explain golgi using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a canvas. The proteins and lipids that make up the membrane are the paint, and the genes that encode them are the artists. The canvas is stretched tightly over the frame of the cell, and the cell's contents are held inside. The plasma membrane is a selective barrier, allowing some things to pass through while keeping others out.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Lysosomes are like a recycling center in your cells. They break down old or damaged cell parts and recycle the materials into new cell parts.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the art studio of the cell. They are where a variety of chemicals are produced that are used in other parts of the cell.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of the cell. Just as an artist needs a good set of paints and brushes to create a masterpiece, cells need mitochondria to create energy. Mitochondria use oxygen and glucose to create ATP, which is the cell's main source of energy.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Chloroplasts are like the paintbrushes of the cell. They are used to create the colors in the cell.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides support to the cells and helps them to maintain their shape.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
ATP is the energy currency of the cell. Just as money is needed to purchase goods and services, ATP is needed to power the cell's many activities. ATP is produced when food is broken down in the body. The energy released from the food is used to create ATP.	atp	Explain atp using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
NADPH is like the paintbrush that helps the artist create their masterpiece. NADPH helps the body create new cells, including red blood cells.	nadph	Explain nadph using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like a group of artists who get together to create a piece of art. The artists use their skills and creativity to create a work of art that is beautiful and unique. The peroxysomes use their skills and creativity to create a work of art that is beautiful and unique.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Mytochondria are the cells in our body that produce energy. They can be thought of as the artists in our body, creating energy to help us move and function.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Like magnets, electric forces have a north and south pole. The north pole of one magnet will attract the south pole of another magnet. The north pole of a magnet will also repel the north pole of another magnet.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is like a group of artists who are all working on a painting together. The artists are all in the same room and are working on the same painting. They are all standing around the painting and are all working on it at the same time.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The first line of defense in the body is like the security team at a museum. They are the first line of defense against anyone trying to get into the museum. They are there to stop anyone from getting in without permission.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Macrophages are like the police force of the body. They patrol the body and look for things that don't belong there, like bacteria or other foreign objects. Once they find something, they attack it and try to get rid of it.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
T-helper cells are like the directors of a play. They help orchestrate the actions of other cells in the immune system to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are like the painters of the immune system. They are responsible for creating the antibodies that recognize and bind to specific antigens on invading pathogens.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and identify and destroy cells that are not supposed to be there.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The invasion of bacteria can be likened to an army of invaders storming a city. The bacteria are like the soldiers, and they invade and take over the cells of the body. The body's immune system is like the city's defenders, trying to fight off the bacteria and protect the city.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The action potential is like a musician playing a note on a violin. The musician creates a vibration in the string of the violin, and the vibration travels down the string until it reaches the end. The same thing happens with an action potential: the electrical impulse travels down the neuron until it reaches the end.	action potential	Explain action potential using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The components are dissolved in a solvent and then passed through a filter. The different components are then separated by their different rates of diffusion through the filter.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
Stars are like people. They are born, they grow up, they get old, and then they die. The main-sequence lifetime of a star is the length of time it spends as a young adult.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
Nucleus is the central part of an atom. It is made up of protons and neutrons. The protons give the nucleus its positive charge and the neutrons give the nucleus its mass.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
Ribosomes are like the painters of the cell. They take the instructions from the DNA and create the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as an assembly line in a factory. The different parts of a product are brought in from different parts of the factory, and they are put together in a specific order to create the finished product. The Golgi apparatus is responsible for packaging proteins and sending them to the correct part of the cell.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Lysosomes are like a recycling center in your cells. They break down old or damaged cells and recycle the parts to make new cells.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The nuclear envelope is like a protective sheath that surrounds the nucleus of a cell. It is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm of the cell, and the inner membrane is in contact with the nucleus. The nuclear envelope serves as a barrier between the nucleus and the cytoplasm, and it helps to protect the nucleus from damage.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A vacuole is like a large container in the art studio. It can be used to store extra paint, brushes, and other art supplies.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "paint" or "ink" that is used by an artist to create a work of art. It is the material that is used to create the body of the work, and it can be manipulated in a variety of ways to create different effects.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Chromosomes are like a set of paints. They are the basic colors that can be mixed together to create all the other colors.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the "paint" that fills the cells of our bodies. It is a water-based solution that contains all of the cellular machinery needed to keep the cell alive and functioning. The cytosol also contains many different proteins and other molecules that allow the cell to interact with its environment.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A cell is like a small theater. It has a stage, a curtain, and a small audience.	cell	Explain cell using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is filled with a liquid or gas and is surrounded by a thin membrane.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A cell wall is like a frame for a painting. It helps to hold the painting together and keep it from falling apart.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Cells are like the paint on a canvas. They are the building blocks of life and can be used to create any picture you can imagine.	cells	Explain cells using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as a canvas. The proteins and lipids that make up the membrane are the paint, and the cell's contents are the picture. The membrane is semi-permeable, meaning that it allows some things to pass through while keeping others out. This allows the cell to control what goes in and out.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The Golgi body is like an artist's studio. It is where the artist creates their art. The Golgi body is where the cells create their proteins.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A capacitor is like a container of water. If you have a hose with a lot of water pressure, it's easy to squirt water out of the hose. But if you have a container with a small hole in the bottom, it's hard to get water out of the container. The water pressure is like the voltage, and the size of the hole is like the capacitance.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity. Just as a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage. Just as a river can be dammed to create a reservoir, a voltage can be created to store electricity. Just as a river can be used to power mills, electric current can be used to power electronic devices.	electric current	Explain electric current using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. It is the force that moves the electrons through a conductor.	voltage	Explain voltage using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
In a cell, specialization and communication are like an orchestra. Each musician in an orchestra specializes in a certain type of music, but they all work together to create a beautiful sound. In the same way, different parts of a cell specialize in different tasks, but they all work together to create a functioning cell. Communication between cells is like the conductor of an orchestra, ensuring that everyone is playing together harmoniously.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Kirchoff's voltage law is like the rule of thirds in photography. Just as thirds of a photo should be used for the subject, thirds of a circuit should be used for voltage. The subject is the thing you're photographing, and voltage is the thing you're measuring. The left third of the photo is for the left third of the circuit, the right third is for the right third of the circuit, and the center third is for the subject.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A density wave is like a group of people who are all moving in the same direction. The people are close together at the beginning of the wave, and they are spread out at the end of the wave.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Enzymes are like artists. They use their skills to create something new. In the case of enzymes, they create new molecules.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The human active memory system can be likened to an artist's studio. The artist's studio is a place where the artist can create new works of art. The artist can store ideas and sketches in the studio, and can use these ideas to create new works of art. The artist can also use the studio to store finished works of art. The artist can access the ideas and sketches stored in the studio, and can use these ideas to create new works of art. The artist can also access the finished works of art stored in the studio, and can use these works of art to create new works of art.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step that determines how fast the reaction will take place. This step is usually the slowest step in the reaction. You can think of the rate-determining step as the " bottleneck" of the reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Column chromatography is like a giant art canvas. The artist starts with a blank canvas and adds paint in different colors. The artist then uses a brush to create a picture. The different colors of paint represent the different compounds in the sample. The artist can then use a tool to separate the different colors of paint. This is similar to how the compounds in the sample are separated by the chromatography column.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a dance. The dancers (molecules) are constantly moving around and changing partners (reacting). But at the end of the dance, they all end up back where they started (in equilibrium).	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A vacuole is like an art gallery. It is a space where art is displayed.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A transport vesicle is like a bus. It transports things (in this case, proteins) from one place to another.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the blueprints for cancer. They are normal genes that can become cancer-causing genes if they are altered or mutated.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Oncogenes are like pieces of a puzzle that, when put together, can cause cancer. They are like the arts because they can be used for good or bad. Just as the arts can be used to create beautiful things, oncogenes can be used to create cancer.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing and dividing too quickly.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Brittle software is like a vase that is easily broken. It doesn't take much force to cause it to shatter into pieces. Similarly, brittle software is easily damaged and doesn't handle changes or errors well.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A resonance hybrid is a model of a molecule that is made up of several different Lewis structures. The different Lewis structures are equivalent, and they all represent the same molecule. The resonance hybrid is the most stable of the different Lewis structures, and it is the one that is most likely to exist in reality.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
The wave mechanical model is like a group of people singing in a choir. The people are the waves and the choir is the medium. The waves travel through the medium and interact with each other.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The electroencephalogram is like an orchestra. The different parts of the brain (the different instruments) are all playing different notes (frequencies) at the same time. The EEG is like a conductor, listening to all of the different notes and making sure they all sound good together.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a copy of a masterpiece. The artist takes a blank canvas and starts creating a copy of the original masterpiece. The artist uses the same colors and techniques as the original artist, but the copy will be slightly different. The same is true for DNA replication. The DNA molecule is the canvas, and the genetic information is the artwork. The DNA replication process uses the same genetic information as the original DNA molecule, but the copy will be slightly different.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
RNA transcription is a bit like a play. The playwright is the one who comes up with the story, and the actors are the ones who perform it. The playwright's job is to create the dialogue and the stage directions, and the actors' job is to follow those directions and bring the story to life. In the same way, the RNA polymerase is the playwright, and the RNA molecules are the actors. The RNA polymerase creates the dialogue (the genetic code) and the stage directions (the transcription factors), and the RNA molecules follow those directions and bring the code to life.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Protein translation is the process by which a gene is converted into a protein. This process can be thought of as an artist creating a painting. The artist begins with a blank canvas and uses a set of instructions (the gene) to create a work of art (the protein).	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a theater production. The ecosystem has a producer (the sun), a director (the wind), a cast of characters (plants and animals), and an audience (us). The producer provides the energy for the production, the director controls the action, the cast members create the drama, and the audience watches it all unfold.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be thought of as a wave of energy moving down the neuron. This wave of energy is created by the movement of ions across the neuron's membrane.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Breathing in frogs is similar to how an artist uses a paintbrush. The frog's lungs are like the canvas, and the air is like the paint. When the frog breathes in, it takes in the air and fills its lungs. When the frog breathes out, it pushes the air out of its lungs and paints the world with its breath.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A layered architecture is like an onion. It has many layers, and each layer is built on top of the previous one. The outer layer is the most visible, and the inner layer is the most hidden.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
In an arts analogy, a limiting reactant can be thought of as the amount of paint you have to work with. You can only make so many paintings with the amount of paint you have. If you try to make more paintings than you have paint, you will run out of paint and will not be able to finish the painting. An excess reactant is like having extra paint. You can make more paintings with more paint.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a well-oiled machine. The cell has many parts that all work together to keep the cell running. The cell membrane is like the wall of the machine, keeping the inside of the cell separate from the outside world. The cytoplasm is like the oil that keeps the parts of the machine moving smoothly. The nucleus is like the brain of the machine, telling the other parts what to do. The mitochondria are like the engines of the machine, providing the energy that the cell needs to function. And the chromosomes are like the instruction manuals, telling the cell what to do.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a blank canvas. It is a simple, empty space that can be filled with whatever the artist desires. The artist can add color, texture, and detail to the canvas to create a masterpiece. In the same way, a prokaryotic cell can be filled with proteins, DNA, and other molecules to create a living cell.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The kernel of an operating system can be thought of as the brain of the computer. It is responsible for managing all of the resources of the computer, including the memory, the processing power, and the input and output devices. It also manages the interactions between the different applications that are running on the computer and the operating system itself.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A limiting reactant is like a glass of water that is only half full. No matter how many times you pour more water into the glass, it will never be full. The water is the limiting reactant and the glass is the container.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Helicase is like a musician playing a violin. The musician's fingers move up and down the strings of the violin, creating music. Helicase is like the fingers of the musician, moving along the DNA strands to create new DNA.	helicase	Explain helicase using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the "glue" that holds the DNA replication machinery together. They help to stabilize the replication complex and ensure that the DNA is replicated accurately.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is like a glue that helps to hold the DNA strands together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
A process control block is like a conductor of an orchestra. The conductor ensures that all the instruments are playing together in harmony. The process control block ensures that all the processes in the system are working together and are in harmony.	process control block	Explain process control block using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
When encoding a message, you are essentially putting it into a special format that can be understood by the recipient. This format is often called a code, and it can be thought of as a special language that only the two of you understand. In order for the message to be sent, it must first be translated into the code, and then sent to the recipient. The recipient will then need to translate the message back into regular language in order to read it.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Drugs and receptor sites are like two people in a relationship. The drugs are the people and the receptor sites are the places they go to see each other. The more time the drugs spend at the receptor sites, the more likely it is that they will interact and have an effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A monitor is like a movie screen. It is a large surface that displays images and videos.	monitor	Explain monitor using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The CPU is like the conductor of an orchestra. It coordinates the activities of the different instruments (the different parts of the computer), making sure they all work together.	cpu	Explain cpu using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the frame of a house. It provides a structure on which everything else is built. In the same way, a motherboard provides a structure on which all the other components of a computer are built.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Ram is like a musician who practices their instrument for hours every day. They are always working to improve their skills and make better music.	ram	Explain ram using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as an orchestra conductor. The conductor ensures that all of the instruments are playing together in harmony. In the same way, the power supply unit ensures that all of the components in your computer are running together smoothly.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The keyboard is like a piano. It has black and white keys that you press to make different notes.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A mouse is a small rodent that is typically used as a computer input device. It is a handheld device that is placed on a flat surface and moved around to control the cursor on the screen.	mouse	Explain mouse using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
An audio card is like a musician. It takes the input from a microphone or other audio source and processes it into a format that can be played back through speakers or headphones.	audio card	Explain audio card using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A video card is like an artist's canvas. The video card's memory is like the artist's paint palette. The video card's processor is like the artist's brush. The video card's output is like the artist's finished painting.	video card	Explain video card using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The tree's age calculation is like an artist's timeline. The artist starts with a blank canvas and over time adds layers of paint, creating a masterpiece. The tree is like the canvas, and the growth rings are like the layers of paint.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This can be thought of as similar to an artist taking a large canvas and painting it into two smaller canvases.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
When light shines on a certain material, some of the light is reflected off the surface while some of the light is absorbed by the material. If the material is then hit with a second light beam, the light that was absorbed by the material will be re-emitted and will be travelling in a different direction than the original light beam. This is called anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by small particles in a medium. It is similar to the scattering of light by raindrops in the sky. The light is scattered in all directions, and the intensity of the light decreases with increasing distance from the particle.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill half of the people who are exposed to it. It can be thought of as the "threshold" dose at which a substance becomes lethal.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
The universe is like a painting. It has a beginning, middle, and end. The beginning is the creation of the painting, the middle is the painting itself, and the end is the destruction of the painting.	universe	Explain universe using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Enzymes are like artists. They use their skills to create something new. In the case of enzymes, they use their skills to create new molecules.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
An ANOVA is a bit like when your favorite band releases a new album. You might be curious how the album did compared to their last one. You could compare the number of copies of the new album that were sold to the number of copies of the last album that were sold. This would be a simple comparison of two means.	anova	Explain anova using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. They make sure the temperature is just right.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a symphony orchestra. The different instruments (chemical species) are in balance with each other, and the overall sound is pleasing to the ear.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's liquidity by reducing the amount of inventory that is held. The strategy works by producing goods only as they are needed and only in the quantities that are needed. This is done by closely coordinating the production process with the sales process.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an artist who is able to constantly adapt and change their work in order to create something new and interesting. The artist is able to do this by learning from their past experiences and using this information to create new pieces. Similarly, the adaptive immune system is able to constantly adapt and change in order to protect the body from new infections. The system is able to do this by learning from past experiences and using this information to create new defenses.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Ohm's law is like the law of gravity. It is a fundamental law that always applies. Just as gravity makes things fall down, Ohm's law makes electricity flow through wires.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Transcription is the process of turning a piece of music into sheet music. The transcription process takes the notes played by the musicians and writes them down in a way that other musicians can read and play.	transcription	Explain transcription using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
RNA polymerase is like an artist. It takes the information from the DNA and creates a new piece of RNA.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the painters of the cell. They take the instructions from the DNA and create the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
An activator protein is like a conductor of an orchestra. It helps to initiate and regulate the process of transcription.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Electricity is like water in a hose. The voltage is the water pressure, and the current is the amount of water flowing through the hose. The resistance is like the size of the hose. The more resistance there is, the less water will flow.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Water molecules are attracted to each other by hydrogen bonds. This attraction creates a network of water molecules that covers the surface of most objects. The water molecules are said to be hydrophilic, which means "water-loving." The hydrophobic effect is a phenomenon that occurs when nonpolar molecules are surrounded by water. The water molecules are attracted to the polar molecules in the water, and the nonpolar molecules are repelled. This creates a force that pushes the nonpolar molecules to the center of the water droplet and away from the water's surface.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	0
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as the process of turning one form of energy into another. For example, when you see a light, the light energy is converted into electrical energy in your eyes. This electrical energy is then sent to your brain, where it is converted back into light energy.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an arts analogy.	lt	arts	1
Nadh is a coenzyme that helps turn food into energy in the body. It's kind of like the gas pedal in a car – it helps get things moving.	nadh	Explain nadh using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
The nadh molecule is like an artist's palette. It holds all the colors that the artist needs to create a painting. The nadh molecule also helps to transfer energy from one part of the painting to another.	nadh	Explain nadh using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Nadh can be seen as a form of energy that is produced by the body when it breaks down food. It is responsible for transporting oxygen throughout the body, and it is necessary for the production of ATP (adenosine triphosphate), which is essential for all cellular activity.	nadh	Explain nadh using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
Proteins are like a set of building blocks. Just as an artist might use different colors, shapes and sizes of blocks to create a sculpture, proteins can be used in many ways to create different structures and functions in the body.	proteins	Explain proteins using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A protein is a type of molecule that is found in all living things. Proteins are made up of smaller molecules called amino acids. The sequence of amino acids in a protein determine its specific function. For example, some proteins are involved in the structure of cells while others are responsible for chemical reactions.	proteins	Explain proteins using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
Proteins are like the paint on an artist's canvas. They give structure and color to the cell, and play a role in almost every process that goes on inside it.	proteins	Explain proteins using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Just as an artist has a wide variety of colors to choose from when creating a painting, DNA has four letters (A,T,C,G) that it can use to create proteins.	dna	Explain dna using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
DNA is the blueprint of life. It is a molecule that carries the genetic information inside cells. It is made up of repeating sequences of four nitrogen-containing bases: adenine (A), cytosine (C), guanine (G) and thymine (T).	dna	Explain dna using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
DNA can be thought of as the blueprint for an organism. The sequence of nucleotides in DNA carries the genetic information that determines all of the characteristics of an organism. Just as an architect's blueprint contains all the details necessary to construct a building, so too does DNA contain all the information necessary to create a living being.	dna	Explain dna using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When you go to an art museum, there are often different rooms with different exhibits. The first room might have paintings of people and the second room might have sculptures of animals. Each exhibit is a different "collection" of art. Similarly, glycogen is a collection of glucose molecules that are linked together.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An analogy for glycogen would be a musician's sheet music. The musician needs the sheet music to play the song correctly, and glycogen is needed by the body to store energy.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Glycogen is like paint. It's a substance that can be used to create something beautiful. In the body, glycogen is stored in the muscles and liver and it's used to provide energy for physical activity.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The endoplasmic reticulum is like the backstage area of a theater. It's where all the behind-the-scenes work happens, like getting the sets ready and making sure the actors have their costumes on.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as the "insides" of a cell - it's where all the action happens! It's like the art studio inside a artist's house. The artist stores her paints, brushes, and canvases in her studio, and that's where she creates her paintings. The endoplasmic reticulum is kind of like that studio - it's where all the cells' supplies are stored and where things happen (like protein synthesis).	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as the inner workings of a machine. It is a network of tubes and sacs that carry materials around the cell. The endoplasmic reticulum also helps to produce important proteins and hormones.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like an artists' studio. It takes the raw materials that come in from the outside world, and it processes them into finished products that can be used by cells. These products might include new proteins, lipids or carbohydrates. The Golgi also sorts and packages these products so that they can be transported to the right places inside of cells.	golgi	Explain golgi using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a mailroom in an office building. The workers in the mailroom receive pieces of mail from all different departments in the office building and then they sort and distribute the mail to the correct department. The Golgi apparatus receives proteins from different parts of the cell, sorts them, and distributes them to where they need to go inside of the cell.	golgi	Explain golgi using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Golgi is a process that takes the information from chromosomes and packages it into small sacs called vesicles. These vesicles are then sent to different parts of the cell, where they release their contents and help in the cell's functioning. This process can be thought of as an artist packing a suitcase with clothes, accessories, and souvenirs to take on a trip. The artist has a plan for what will go in the suitcase and how everything should be arranged, but is also flexible enough to make changes as new items are added or old ones removed.	golgi	Explain golgi using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a canvas. The proteins in the plasma membrane are the paint, and they can change position to create different patterns. The lipid bilayer is like the canvas material: it's strong and keeps the paint from spreading out too much.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The plasma membrane analogy would be something like a stained glass window. The individual pieces of colored glass are the proteins, and the space between them is the lipid bilayer.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A plasma membrane can be seen as a layer of paint that covers and protects the canvas of a painting. Similarly, the plasma membrane surrounds and protects the cells of our body. Just like different colors of paint can be mixed together to create new shades, proteins in the plasma membrane can interact with one another to create new functions.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A lysosome can be thought of as a recycling center within the cell. Just like in a city, materials that are no longer needed or are broken down are recycled and reused. The lysosomes break down old cells parts, damaged proteins, and other cellular debris into small molecules that can be used by the cell again.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling bin of a cell. They digest old or damaged proteins and organelles, breaking them down into their smaller components so that the cell can reuse them.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling plant in a city. They take all of the old, broken down materials and recycle them into new materials that can be used again.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like a group of artists who get together to create a masterpiece. The artists use their skills and knowledge to work together and produce something beautiful.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like tiny recycling plants in the cell. They recycle worn-out or damaged proteins, fats, and other molecules.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
Peroxisomes can be thought of as the artists' studios in a city. These are small, specialized structures where the artists create their art. The peroxisomes are responsible for creating and processing special chemicals that allow the cells to function properly.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Mitochondria are the "powerhouses" of cells. Just as an artist needs a good set of paints and brushes to create a painting, cells need mitochondria to generate energy. Mitochondria use oxygen and glucose (sugar) to produce ATP (adenosine triphosphate), the cell's primary source of energy.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Mitochondria can be considered the "powerhouses" of the cell. They are organelles that convert energy from food into a form that the cell can use. This process is similar to how an artist might use a canvas and paints to create a work of art. The mitochondria provide the cells with the energy they need to function, just as the artist supplies their painting with paint and canvas.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of cells. They are organelles that produce energy for the cell by converting food molecules into a form that the cell can use. This process is similar to how an artist might create a work of art, starting with basic materials and turning them into something beautiful and unique.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A chloroplast is like an artist's palette. It contains all of the colors that the artist needs to create a painting. The chloroplast stores energy from the sun in a chemical called ATP, and it uses this energy to create glucose from carbon dioxide and water. Glucose is essential for plants because it provides them with energy to grow and produce flowers and fruit.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A chloroplast is like a green paintbrush. The plant uses the chloroplast to 'paint' energy from the sun onto its leaves, which turns them green.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Chloroplasts are like artists in a way. They take in carbon dioxide and water to create glucose and oxygen. The glucose is then used by the plant to create energy, just as an artist might use paint or other materials to create a work of art.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cytoskeleton analogy would be like the bones in your body. The skeleton provides support and structure for your body, just as the cytoskeleton does for cells. The skeleton is also responsible for movement, just as the cytoskeleton enables cells to move.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding that holds a building together. It provides support for the cell and helps it to maintain its shape.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cytoskeleton can be thought of as the scaffolding or frame-work inside a building. It provides support and stability to the structure while also allowing it to move and change shape. In cells, the cytoskeleton is made up of proteins that form long fibers called microtubules and actin filaments. These fibers can rearrange themselves to allow the cell to change shape and move around.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
ATP is the "fuel" that powers all cellular activity. It can be thought of as similar to gasoline in an engine. The gasoline provides energy to the engine, which then converts that energy into motion. ATP does the same thing for cells - it provides them with energy so they can carry out their functions.	atp	Explain atp using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
ATP is like a musician's sheet music. It provides the instructions for creating a musical work. The musician follows the notes on the sheet music to create a song. ATP provides the instructions for creating energy in cells.	atp	Explain atp using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
ATP is the currency of energy in the body. Just as a dollar can be used to purchase anything from a candy bar to a new car, ATP can be used to power any activity or process in the body. ATP is produced by the mitochondria, and it is used to fuel muscle contractions, enzyme reactions, and other vital processes.	atp	Explain atp using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Nadph can be explained as the "fuel" of the artistic process. It is essential for creating new works of art, and without it, artists would not be able to produce anything.	nadph	Explain nadph using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
Nadph can be thought of as the artist's canvas. It is a blank slate that provides a starting point for creating new molecules.	nadph	Explain nadph using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Nadph is the molecule that helps transport energy around the cell in plants. It is similar to how an orchestra transports sound around the concert hall. The nadph molecule acts as a conductor, helping to move energy where it is needed.	nadph	Explain nadph using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like a group of artists that get together to create a masterpiece. The artists each have their own unique talent and work together to create something beautiful.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like a group of artists who get together to create a work of art. The artists use their skills and creativity to produce something that is beautiful and unique.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Peroxysomes can be thought of as an artist's palette. Just as a painter mixes various colors on their palette to create new hues, peroxysomes mix different types of enzymes together to create new chemical reactions inside the cell.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Mytochondria are the little "organs" inside of muscle cells that create energy. In terms of an analogy, they can be thought of as being like the artists in a theatre production. The mytochondria are responsible for creating the energy that allows the muscles to move and function. Just as a good artist can make a play or musical really come to life, so too can good mytochondria make sure that your muscles work well.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Myochondria can be thought of as the "engine room" of a cell. Just like an engine powers a car, myochondria power the cell by producing energy in the form of ATP. Myochondria are also responsible for transporting nutrients and oxygen to other parts of the cell.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Myochondria can be compared to the paintbrushes of an artist. The mitochondria are responsible for creating energy in the cells, which is necessary for all cellular activity. Just as an artist needs good brushes to create a masterpiece, the cells need healthy mitochondria to function properly.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Magnets have two poles, a north pole and a south pole. If you bring two magnets close to each other, the north poles will repel (push away from) each other, and the south poles will attract (pull together) each other. Electric forces work in the same way. Positive charges repel each other, and negative charges attract each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Magnets have two poles, north and south, and when you bring them close to each other they attract. Electric charges work the same way: they have positive and negative poles, and they attract each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are similar to magnets. Like magnets, electric charges have a north and south pole. Opposite poles attract each other while like poles repel each other. This is what creates the attraction and repulsion between objects with electric charges.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Think of an electron as a planet orbiting around the sun. The electron's orbital is like the path that the planet takes around the sun.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When an artist creates a painting, they often start with a blank canvas. The artist then uses their imagination to create different shapes and colors on the canvas. Some of these shapes and colors may overlap one another, while others might be spaced far apart.The same is true for hydrogen electron orbitals. Each orbital can hold a maximum of two electrons, and these electrons can spin in opposite directions (this is called "antiparallel"). Electrons will fill up orbitals starting from the lowest energy level first, and they will usually fill up the orbitals closest to the nucleus first.Just as some parts of a painting may be closer together than others, some parts of an orbital may be closer to the nucleus than others. This is because the more tightly-bound an electron is to the nucleus, the higher its energy level will be.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is like the orbit of a planet around the sun. Just as planets have different orbits depending on their distance from the sun, electrons also have different orbits (or shells) depending on their distance from the nucleus.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The first line of defense in the body can be compared to a castle's wall. The immune system is made up of many different parts that work together to protect the body from infections and other foreign invaders. The skin, nose, and throat are all important barriers that help keep out unwanted bacteria and other organisms.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In the body, the first line of defense is like a bouncer at a club. They are there to keep people out who are not supposed to be there and to protect those who are inside.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
One's skin can be thought of as the first line of defense in the body. Just as an artist's canvas or a musician's instrument is their medium for creative expression, one's skin is their medium for protection against environmental threats.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Macrophages are like the cleaning crew in a building. They patrol and clean up any messes or debris that they find.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Macrophages are like the police officers of our bodies. They patrol around and keep an eye out for anything that is not supposed to be there. If they see something that is not supposed to be in the body, they will capture it and take it away.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A macrophage is like an artist who can see the big picture. They are able to understand complex problems and come up with creative solutions. Macrophages are also very versatile, and can adapt to new situations quickly.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
T-helper cells are like the directors of a play. They help orchestrate the actions of other cells in order to fight infection or disease.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A t-helper cell is like a curator in an art museum. They help to select and organize the exhibits (antigens) that will be shown to the other cells of the immune system.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In the arts, a “helper” is someone who assists another artist in their work. T-helper cells are white blood cells that help fight infection and disease. They originate from bone marrow and travel to other parts of the body to assist other immune system cells in fighting off bacteria, viruses, or cancerous cells.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are like actors in a play. They can remember their lines and they know what to do when it's their turn on stage.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Lymphocytes are cells that help the body fight infection. There are three types of lymphocytes: T-cells, B-cells, and NK-cells.B-lymphocytes develop in the bone marrow and mature into plasma cells. Plasma cells produce antibodies which bind to bacteria, viruses or other toxins to disarm them. An analogy for b-lymphocyte development could be the growth of an artist’s skills over time. Just as an artist grows more experienced and skilled with practice, so too does a B-cell grow more proficient at producing antibodies to protect the body from invaders.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are cells that help the body fight infection. They can be thought of as the body's police force, patrolling for infections and attacking them when they find them.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like an artist's brush. They help to paint the picture of immunity by attacking and killing cells that are infected or cancerous.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as "artist cells." They are highly specialized in their ability to recognize and destroy specific targets, such as cancer cells or viruses. Like any artist, they require the right tools (or molecules) to do their job effectively. These tools include special receptors called CD8 proteins, which allow cytotoxic T-cells to identify and bind to infected or cancerous cells. Once bound, the cytotoxic T-cell uses a variety of weapons (such as enzymes) to kill its target cell.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like snipers. They can identify and kill tumor cells or cells infected with a virus, without harming healthy cells nearby.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A bacteria invasion can be thought of as an art heist. The bacterias are sneaking into the body unnoticed, and they're stealing all of the resources they need to thrive. Just like in a real-life robbery, the bacteria are stealthy and quick – before you know it, they've taken over!	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Bacteria can be thought of as an invading army. They are tiny and can multiply quickly, spreading throughout the body and causing infection. Antibiotics are like soldiers fighting against the bacteria, trying to kill them off before they can do too much damage.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
One way to think of the invasion of bacteria is as an "invasion" of new art into a museum. Just as new artwork can be exciting and add vitality to a museum, so too can bacteria invigorate an environment (such as the gut) with their own unique set of genes. However, just as some people may not appreciate unfamiliar artwork, some people may not appreciate the presence of unfamiliar bacteria.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An action potential can be thought of as an orchestra. When the conductor hits a certain note, all of the instruments in the orchestra play that same note. The action potential is like the conductor, and it causes all of the neurons in your brain to fire at once.	action potential	Explain action potential using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Action potential can be thought of as an orchestra. Each neuron is a musician, and when they all play together in unison, you get the action potential.	action potential	Explain action potential using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An action potential is like a musician playing a note on a violin. The musician creates an initial impulse (the bow hitting the string), and then the vibration of the string continues to produce sound after the bow has been lifted. Similarly, an action potential generates an initial electrical pulse that spreads throughout the neuron, and this signal continues to be transmitted even after the original stimulus has ended.	action potential	Explain action potential using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Chromatography is a technique used to separate different substances in a sample. The different substances are dissolved in a solvent, and then the solution is applied to a special paper. As the solvent travels up the paper, it separates the different substances in the sample. This analogy uses colors as an example of how chromatography works: The white background is like pure water or another solvent. The colors are like different substances that have been dissolved in the solvent. When you apply the color mixture to the white background, it spreads out like ink on blotting paper. Some of the colors will mix together and create new colors, while others will stay separate. The distance that each color travels up the paper depends on how strongly they are attracted to the solvent (like how brightly each color shines).	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. This can be done using different types of chromatography, such as gas chromatography or liquid chromatography. In general, the components of the mixture are placed on a strip of paper and then passed through a solvent. The different components will travel along the paper at different speeds, based on their chemical properties. By looking at which component has traveled the furthest down the strip of paper, it is possible to determine which components make up the mixture.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
The experiment of chromatography is similar to mixing paint colors. The different pigments are like the different compounds that are dissolved in the solvent. When you mix two or more colors together, they create a new color. In chromatography, you are also mixing different compounds together and observing how they interact with each other. The results will be a new color (or spectrum) that is unique to your sample.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A star's main-sequence lifetime is the length of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. This phase is analogous to an artist's "prime" period, during which they are most successful and productive. After a star exhausts its supply of hydrogen in its core, it enters into a later phase where it burns helium. This phase is analogous to the artist's "late" period, when their work is not as popular or well-received. eventually, the star runs out of fuel altogether and dies.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Main-sequence stars are like young adults in their 20s. They are healthy and shining brightly, but they will eventually grow old and die.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The main-sequence lifetime of a star can be thought of as the length of time it takes for a star to run out of steam. In other words, it's the amount of time a star spends performing at its peak level before gradually winding down and eventually dying. This analogy might help: think of a musician playing on stage. A young musician might have lots of energy and play with intensity for hours on end. But as they get older, their stamina will lessen and they'll likely play for shorter periods of time. The same is true for stars – younger stars burn brighter and hotter than older ones.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The nucleus of an atom is analogous to the director of a play. The director controls what happens on stage and ensures that the actors are performing their roles correctly. In the same way, the nucleus controls what happens in an atom and ensures that the electrons are behaving as they should.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A nucleus is like the director of an orchestra. They are in charge of making sure everyone is playing their part correctly and together.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A nucleus could be thought of as the 'heart' of something. It is the central, most important part and everything else revolves around it.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like a theatre production. The mRNA is the script, the tRNAs are the actors and backstage crew, and the ribosomes are the stage. The production begins when an mRNA molecule is "read" by a ribosome. This reading produces a three-dimensional model of the protein that is to be produced. Individual tRNA molecules then bring specific amino acids to attach to this growing protein chain. When all of the required amino acids have been added, the finished protein is released from the ribosome.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes can be thought of as the tiny machines that build all of the proteins in your body. Just like a factory, they need instructions to know what to make, and they need raw materials (amino acids) to get started.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are the "workers" of the cell - they take instructions from DNA and use them to create proteins. You can think of them as being a bit like an assembly line in a factory.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is like an art studio. It is where the artist creates their work. The painter has a canvas, paints, and brushes. The Golgi apparatus has membranes, proteins, and vesicles. The painter uses the paint and brushes to create a work of art on the canvas. The proteins and vesicles in the Golgi apparatus use carbohydrates to create new cells.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is a lot like an artist's studio. The artist begins by sketching out the rough outline of a picture on a canvas. Once the basic design is complete, she fills in the details with different colors and shades. Finally, she signs her name at the bottom to show that she created it.In much the same way, the Golgi apparatus starts off by creating small proteins called peptides. These peptides are then assembled into larger molecules called glycoproteins. Finally, these glycoproteins are shipped off to different parts of the cell where they perform their assigned tasks.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as an assembly line in a factory. The raw materials (in this analogy, the pieces of cloth that are to be made into shirts) come in one end, are processed by the different machines along the way, and come out the other end as finished products (shirts).	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the "garbage collectors" of a cell. They break down old or damaged proteins and other molecules, recycling them into new materials that the cell can use. Lysosomes are also responsible for destroying invading bacteria and viruses.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like a group of artists that get together to create a masterpiece. The artists each have their own unique skills and work together to produce something beautiful. Lysosomes act as the cells' recycling center, breaking down old or damaged cell components so that the cell can reuse them.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling bin in your house. They take all of the trash and broken things and recycle them into new materials.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Nuclear envelope can be compared to the boundary of a painting. The nuclear membrane is like the canvas, and the proteins that make up the nuclear envelope are like the paint.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The nuclear envelope is a bit like an artist's canvas. It's the surface that surrounds and protects the nucleus of the cell. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, each one with a different job: - The outer membrane is responsible for controlling what goes in and out of the nucleus. - The inner membrane helps to control what moves around inside the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The nuclear envelope is like a artists' canvas. It provides a surface upon which the genetic material can be arranged and manipulated. The nuclear envelope also helps to protect the DNA from damage.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Water balloons are a good analogy for vacuoles. Just as water balloons can be filled with different colors of water, vacuoles can be filled with different colors of fluid. The fluid inside the vacuole might be a type of juice, like apple juice, or it could be a type of liquid waste, like urine.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Vacuoles are like a room in your house. They're empty spaces that can be used to store things.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a large container in the cell that is filled with fluid. The fluid inside the vacuole can either be used to store food or waste, or it can help to maintain the shape of the cell.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cytoplasm is like the paint on a canvas. It is the material that makes up the cell and provides it with its structure.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cytoplasm can be seen as the " canvas" or "medium" in which the artist (cell nucleus) creates its work. Just as an artist needs a clean and blank canvas on which to create, the cell nucleus needs a clear and empty space within which to function - this is provided by the cytoplasm. The cytoplasm also plays an important role in transporting nutrients and other essential materials to the nucleus.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the artist's canvas. It is the space in which all of the cells' components are contained and where metabolic activities occur. Just as an artist can use different colors and textures on their canvas to create a work of art, the cell's cytoplasm can be used to house different organelles that allow it to carry out its specific functions.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Chromosomes are like strands of yarn. They are long and thin, and they have a lot of information packed into them.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
One chromosome is like an artist's canvas. The nucleus of the cell is like an art studio, and the chromosomes are like the paints that the artist uses to create a work of art.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Chromosomes are like strands of colorful ribbon. They are tightly coiled together and stored inside the cell's nucleus. The chromosomes contain all of the genetic information that controls how a cell grows and functions.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
The cytosol is like the paint in an artist's palette. It contains all of the colors that the artist can use to create a painting. The cytosol also contains all of the tools that the artist needs to create a painting, such as brushes and paints.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cytoskeleton is like the frame of a house. The cytosol is like the walls, floors, and ceilings of the house.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cytosol is like the paint in an artist's palette. It contains all of the colors that the artist can use to create a painting. The cytosol also contains all of the tools that the artist can use to create a painting, such as brushes and knives.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A cell is the basic structural and functional unit of all living organisms. Cells are so small that you need a microscope to see them. Just as an artist uses different colors, shapes, and sizes of paint to create a work of art, cells use different molecules to create their own works of art—such as tissues and organs.	cell	Explain cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a tiny artist's studio. It's a place where something new can be created, and it has all the tools an artist needs to get started.	cell	Explain cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a musician in an orchestra. The musician plays a small part in the overall performance, but their contribution is essential to the success of the show. Similarly, cells are essential building blocks of life and play a role in almost everything our bodies do.	cell	Explain cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Think of a vesicle as a small, independent art gallery. This is an analogy that can be used to describe the way in which vesicles function both within and outside of cells. Vesicles are often seen as separate entities, much like how an art gallery stands alone from the main body of a building. However, vesicles also interact with other parts of the cell in a similar way to how an art gallery interacts with the rest of a museum - by displaying artwork and providing a space for visitors to explore.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
If you've ever blown a soap bubble, then you know about vesicles. Bubbles are made up of thin films of water that have trapped a small amount of air inside. The film is supported by the air inside, which gives the bubble its round shape. Vesicles are just like bubbles, but they are made of cells rather than water. And just as with bubbles, the cell membranes that make up vesicles can be very fragile.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small, inflated balloon. The balloon is made of thin plastic and has a small opening at one end. The other end is sealed shut. Liquid can be poured into the balloon through the open end and it will fill up the inside of the balloon. The liquid cannot escape because the opening is too small. The balloon can then be released and it will fly through the air until it pops.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cell wall can be thought of as the frame of a house. It is strong and holds everything together while the inside is being remodeled.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cell wall analogy would compare the cell wall to a frame for a painting. The frame is not the artwork, but it helps to protect and support the artwork. In the same way, the cell wall protects and supports the cells inside of it.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A cell wall is like a castle wall. It is made of hard materials that protect the cells inside.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Cells are like the paint on a canvas. The canvas is the background and the cells are the colors that make up the picture.	cells	Explain cells using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Cells are like the different parts of a painting. The paint, canvas, and brushstrokes all work together to create a masterpiece. Similarly, cells are the different parts of a living organism that work together to create life.	cells	Explain cells using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just like an artist needs various colors of paint to create a painting, cells need different types of molecules to carry out their specific functions.	cells	Explain cells using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
If you imagine the cell membrane as a fabric, then think of the proteins as the threads that hold it together. The lipids are like the glue that sticks everything together and keeps the fabric from unraveling.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cell membrane is like a plastic bag. The cytoplasm is like the liquid inside the bag and the nucleus is like the air in the bag. The cell membrane keeps everything inside while still allowing things to pass through it.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The cell membrane can be thought of as the skin of a cell. It is a thin, flexible layer that surrounds and protects the cell. Just like our skin protects us from the environment, the cell membrane protects the inside of the cell from harmful chemicals and pathogens. The membrane also helps to control what goes in and out of the cells, allowing nutrients to enter while preventing toxins from entering.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A golgi body is a lot like an art supply store. It has all sorts of different supplies in it, and it's the job of the golgi body to package up all of the different parts of the cell that are being created.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi body can be thought of as an artist's studio. The cells that produce proteins send their products to the Golgi body, where they are packaged and labeled for transport elsewhere in the cell or out of the cell.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The golgi body can be thought of as an artist's studio. The artist (golgi body) has all of the materials she needs to create her work ( proteins and other molecules ) stored in her workshop (the cytoplasm). She assembles the pieces into a finished product (a new protein molecule), and then ships it off to where it's needed.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A capacitor is a bit like an artist's paint palette. Just as the artist can select different colors to mix on the palette, a capacitor can store electrical charge of different voltages.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Capacitance is the ability of an object to store an electric charge. This analogy might help: capacitance is a bit like a container for paint. The more paint you can fit into the container, the greater the capacitance.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Capacitance is the ability of an object to store energy in the form of an electric field. One way to think about capacitance is by analogy to a spring. Just as a spring can store energy in its compression, a capacitor can store energy in its electric field.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Electric current is like the flow of water in a river. Just as the amount of water in a river can vary over time, the amount of electric current flowing through a wire can also vary.	electric current	Explain electric current using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Electric current is the flow of electricity. It can be compared to water flowing through a pipe. Just as water flows faster through a wider pipe, electricity flows faster through a wider wire.	electric current	Explain electric current using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Electric current is like the flow of water in a river. Just as the amount of water in a river depends on how high the water level is and how fast the water is flowing, the amount of electric current flowing through a wire depends on how much voltage there is and how fast the electrons are moving.	electric current	Explain electric current using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. Just as water will flow from a high-pressure area to a low-pressure area, electricity will move from a region of high voltage to one of lower voltage.	voltage	Explain voltage using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
If you think of voltage as the energy in a battery, it's like the amount of gas in your car. It determines how far and fast your car can go. Voltage is like the pressure that makes things happen.	voltage	Explain voltage using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Voltage is like the difference in water levels between two points in a river. Just as there must be a height difference for water to flow, so too must there be a voltage difference for electricity to flow.	voltage	Explain voltage using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When an artist specializes in a particular type of art, they become very good at it. They communicate with other artists and people who appreciate their art by sharing techniques, ideas, and works in progress. Cells specialize in different tasks and communicate with each other to coordinate the activities necessary for life.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
In a cell, specialization and communication mean that different parts of the cell are responsible for different tasks and they all communicate with each other to make sure that everything works properly. This is kind of like how an orchestra works. The musicians in an orchestra specialize in playing different instruments, but they all work together to create music. They communicate with each other to make sure that everyone is playing the right notes at the right time.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In a cell, specialization and communication happen when different parts of the cell work together to carry out specific functions. This is similar to how an orchestra works. The musicians in an orchestra specialize in playing different instruments, and they all communicate with each other to create music.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Kirchoff's Voltage Law states that the sum of all voltages around a closed loop is zero. This law can be explained using an analogy from the arts world. Imagine you are watching a play and sitting in the middle of the theater. If you look to your left, you will see the stage from that angle. If you then turn to your right, you will see the stage from that angle too. However, if you look straight ahead, you will not see the stage at all - it is hidden behind the proscenium arch. In much the same way, voltages add up when travelling in one direction (left or right), but cancel each other out when travelling in reverse (right or left).	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In an arts analogy, kirchoff's voltage law can be thought of as the "golden rule" of Voltage. Just as we are taught that we should do unto others as we would have them do unto us, kirchoff's voltage law says that the sum of all voltages around a closed loop in a circuit must be zero.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Kirchoff's voltage law is like the rules of perspective in art. Just as artists use perspective to create the illusion of depth, electrical engineers use Kirchoff's voltage law to create the illusion of a circuit.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A density wave is like a group of people who are all trying to move through a door at the same time. The people in the back of the line are pushing on those in front of them, and as a result everyone is moving more slowly than they would if there were fewer people trying to get through the door.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A density wave is like a bunch of people in a line. The people are close together at the beginning of the line and they get further apart as they go down the line.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A density wave can be thought of as a group of people who are all moving in the same direction. The closer together the people are, the higher the density of the wave.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like artists. They use their skills to create something new. In this case, the enzyme is creating a new molecule by combining smaller molecules together.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like a group of very talented and skilled artists. They can take raw materials and turn them into something beautiful and useful.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes can be thought of as the "artist" or "creator" of a chemical reaction. They are responsible for setting in motion all of the events that take place during a chemical reaction. Without enzymes, these reactions would not occur at all or would take much longer to happen.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Our active memory system can be compared to an art gallery. The gallery is filled with paintings, and each painting is placed in a specific location. To remember the location of a particular painting, we need only to visit the gallery and look for it. Our active memory works in much the same way. We store information in specific locations, and we can easily recall that information by visiting those locations within our mind.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Human active memory system is like an artist's palette. It can hold a limited number of items (colors) at any one time, but the artist can select any of the colors on the palette to use in creating a work of art. In addition, the artist can mix colors together to create new shades. The human active memory system works in much the same way. It can store a limited number of items at any one time, but it can access those items quickly and easily. In addition, it can combine elements from different memories to create new memories."	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The human active memory system can be compared to an art museum. The "museum" is the brain, and the "artwork" is the information that is stored in it. Just as an art museum has multiple galleries with different exhibits, the brain has different areas where different kinds of information are stored. Just as a person can walk through a museum and look at individual pieces of artwork, they can access different parts of their memory by activating different regions of their brain.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the entire reaction. The rate at which a reaction occurs depends on how fast the rate-determining step can proceed. In other words, if the rate-determining step is slowed down, then the overall reaction will also be slowed down.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the process. This analogy might help to understand it better. Imagine you are an artist and want to create a beautiful painting. You can get all of the supplies you need together, but if you don't have someone to help you put them all together, it's going to take forever for you to finish your painting. The same thing happens with chemical reactions - if the reactants (the materials that start the reaction) aren't brought close enough together, they won't react at all. So the rate-determining step is basically like putting all of the pieces of your painting together so that it can be finished.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The rate of a reaction is determined by the slowest step in the reaction. This can be thought of as an artist painting a picture. The artist will take much longer to paint a large, detailed picture than they would to paint a small, simple picture. The same is true for reactions; the slower steps will limit the overall reaction rate.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate chemicals in a mixture. It works by passing the mixture through a column filled with material that selectively adsorbs (attracts) one chemical more than another. The different chemicals then move through the column at different speeds, allowing them to be separated.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
Column chromatography is like a giant filter made up of many thin sheets of paper. The solvent (water) is poured over the top of the filter, and as it flows down through the filter, it separates the dye molecules (the colors) from each other.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Column chromatography is often used to separate different compounds that are dissolved in a liquid. In the same way that an artist might use different colors of paint to create a painting, column chromatography can be used to separate different compounds by using different types of filters (colors). The various compounds will travel through the filter at different speeds, allowing them to be separated.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The arts analogy for dynamic chemical equilibrium would be two dancers in perfect balance. Neither one is pushing the other around and they are both perfectly still. However, if someone pushes on one of the dancers, they will start to move until they reach a new equilibrium where the dancer is once again stationary.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a dance in which the partners are constantly moving around each other. The dancers never stop, but they always stay in balance. In the same way, the molecules in a chemical equilibrium never stop moving, but they always stay in balance.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In an art analogy, chemical equilibrium would be like a group of people in a room all trying to have a conversation. Some people will be talking louder than others, but eventually everyone will find their own volume and the conversation will reach a state of equilibrium.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is like an art gallery. It is a space where artwork can be displayed and protected.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is a small, sack-like organelle in the cytoplasm of a eukaryotic cell. It is the primary site for intracellular digestion and storage. Vacuoles are formed during endocytosis when portions of the plasma membrane invaginate and pinch off to form vesicles.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
The vacuole can be thought of as a kind of storage container in the cell. Just as an artist might store paints and brushes in a studio, the vacuole stores nutrients and other materials that the cell needs.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A transport vesicle is like a bus. It can carry many people (molecules) from one place to another.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a bus on a city street. The passengers (molecules) are the cargo that needs to be transported from one part of the city to another. The bus driver (the protein molecule at the front of the vesicle) is responsible for getting the passengers to their destination safely.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
 Transport vesicles are like a group of people who are all holding hands and walking together. The people represent the proteins in the transport vesicle, while the hand-holding represents how they are all linked together.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A proto-oncogene can be thought of as an artist who is in the early stages of their career. This artist has a lot of potential and shows lots of promise, but they are not quite there yet. However, if this artist is given the right opportunities and encouragement, they could become a world-renowned musician or painter.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In the arts, a proto-oncogene would be like an unfinished painting. It has the potential to become something great, but it's not quite there yet. In order for it to become a true oncogene, it needs some additional elements - maybe more paint, or better brushstrokes. Once these additions are made, the proto-oncogene can turn into a powerful cancer-causing gene.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the "blueprints" for cancer. They are normal genes that can become mutated and cause cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An oncogene is a gene that can cause cancer. It might be something like a painting that has been hung in the wrong spot and starts to fade because of all the light shining on it. The painting was fine before, but now it's starting to fall apart.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Oncogenes are genes that have the potential to cause cancer. They are likened to an artist because they can create something beautiful, but they also have the potential to be destructive.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An oncogene is a gene that can cause cancer. It is like a paintbrush that someone uses to create a painting. The oncogene is the brush, and the cancer is the painting.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
One way to think of tumor suppressor genes is as brakes on the growth of cancer cells. These genes help keep cell division in check, preventing tumors from forming. Loss of function mutations in tumor suppressor genes can allow cancers to grow unchecked, making them an important target for cancer therapies.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help keep cells from growing out of control and becoming cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep cells from growing and dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way, which can lead to cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Brittle software is like a vase; it can be beautiful and functional, but if it's handled incorrectly or too much pressure is applied, it will shatter.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
If you think of software as a work of art, brittle software would be something like a glass sculpture. It may look beautiful and fragile at first glance, but it's actually quite sturdy. However, if it's mishandled or dropped even slightly, it will shatter into pieces.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A brittle software system is like a ceramic vase. It may be very beautiful and appear to be quite strong, but it will break if you drop it on the floor.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A good analogy for resonance hybridization is the vibration of a guitar string. When you pluck a guitar string, it vibrates at its natural frequency. This vibration can be described by the harmonic series, which contains overtones that are integer multiples of the fundamental frequency. The first overtone (the second harmonic) is twice the fundamental frequency, and the third overtone (the fourth harmonic) is three times the fundamental frequency, and so on.In much the same way, when an electron in an atom absorbs energy, it jumps to an excited state that can be described by a particular quantum number. If this electron then drops back down to a lower energy level, it emits radiation that includes all of the wavelengths that were present in the electromagnetic field when it absorbed energy. These emitted wavelengths are called spectral lines, and they can be used to identify different elements.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When two tones are played together, they create a third tone. This is called resonance. You can see this if you hold a tuning fork against another tuning fork and then strike one of the forks. The other fork will also start to vibrate because it has been set into motion by the first Fork.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In the arts, resonance is often achieved by using a resonant object—something that amplifies sound or vibrations. For example, if you sing in a room with hard walls and ceilings, your voice will be louder than if you sang in a room with soft walls and ceilings. The hard surfaces amplify the sound waves produced by your voice, causing them to bounce around the room more and create more resonance. In a similar way, the atoms of a molecule can resonate with one another when they are in close proximity. This occurs when there is an electron on one atom that can interact with an electron on another atom nearby.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Wave mechanics is an approach to the description of matter that treats particles as waves. The wave mechanical model can be described using an analogy with sound waves. Consider a room in which someone is speaking. The sound of the voice will travel through the air and will cause vibrations in any objects in the room. These vibrations will then cause sound waves to ripple out from the object. These waves will spread throughout the room, and eventually reach our ears. We interpret these sounds as coming from the person who is speaking, even though they are actually caused by all of the objects in the room vibrating together. In much the same way, particle physicists treat subatomic particles as if they were spreading out like ripples on a pond following a stone being thrown into it.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A wave mechanical model can be explained using an analogy of waves in water. A wave is a disturbance that travels through a medium (in this analogy, the water). The disturbance can be caused by anything - a boat moving through the water, a rock being thrown into the water, or even your hand slapping the surface of the water. Each time you create a disturbance (by throwing the rock, for example), it sends out waves that travel away from the point of origin. The size of these waves depends on how big the original disturbance was. As each wave passes over something in its path (a boat, for example), it causes that object to move up and down or back and forth.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The wave mechanical model is similar to a group of people standing in line. The first person in the line whispers something to the person next to them, who then whispers it to the next person, and so on. By the time the message has made it all the way to the end of the line, it has been changed quite a bit from when it started. This is similar to how waves work – they are constantly changing as they move through space.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An electroencephalogram, or EEG, is a measure of the electrical activity in your brain. It can be thought of as an MRI for your brain - it shows where the electricity is flowing and how active different areas are. Just as an MRI can give you a picture of what's going on inside your body, an EEG can show what's happening in your brain.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is like a musical score. It records the electrical activity of the brain in real-time.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is like a group of painters all working on the same canvas at the same time. The EEG measures the electrical activity of the brain and can show changes in different parts of the brain as they happen.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Like a painter starting with a blank canvas, DNA replication begins with an empty strand of DNA. The nucleotides in the new strand are then matched up with the corresponding nucleotides on the original strand. These nucleotides are then "painted" onto the new strand one at a time.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a replica of her work. The artist begins by making a sketch, which is then copied and turned into a painting. The process of DNA replication works in a similar way - the genetic information is first copied into RNA, and then that RNA is used to create new copies of the DNA molecule.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Consider an artist who creates a painting. She starts with a blank canvas and uses brushes, paint, and other supplies to create a work of art. To replicate the painting, she could make a copy of the original or use the same techniques to create another work of art that is similar but not identical to the first.DNA replication works in much the same way. The genetic material in our cells is made up of DNA molecules. These molecules are like canvases on which genes are painted. To duplicate DNA, enzymes called polymerases read the genetic information encoded in one strand of DNA and use it to build a new strand complementary to the original. This process can be likened to making a copy of a painting or creating another artwork that shares some characteristics with the original but is not an exact replica	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Rna transcription is like a musician reading sheet music. The musician follows the notes on the page to create a song. Rna transcription is similar, as it uses the genetic code found in DNA to create rna molecules.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
rna transcription can be thought of as an artist painting a picture. the artist begins with a blank canvas and adds color, detail, and depth to create a work of art. in the same way, rna transcription uses dna as its starting point to create new rna strands.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When a musician plays a song, they are reading the sheet music which is the transcribed version of what someone else has played or written. In a similar way, when cells produce rna, they are reading the transcribed version of dna.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Protein translation is the process by which a sequence of nucleotides in messenger RNA (mRNA) is converted into an amino acid chain, or protein. This analogy uses the metaphor of making a quilt. The mRNA molecule is like a pattern for the quilt, and the ribosomes are like the sewing machines that put it all together. The tRNAs are like thread, and they link up with specific codons on the mRNA to form peptide bonds between adjacent amino acids.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The process of protein translation is similar to a play being translated from one language to another. The genetic code in DNA is like the script for the play, and it is converted into proteins (the actors) as they are needed during the course of cell division. Just as different translations of a play can result in different interpretations, different sets of instructions for making proteins can lead to slightly different versions of the same protein.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Protein translation can be compared to a play. The individual amino acids are the actors and they come together on the stage (ribosomes) to form a protein. The director of the play is mRNA and it tells the amino acids what to do.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as an arts organization, with different "departments" working together to create a final product. The environment is the artistic director, who sets the overall tone and decides what kind of art will be created. The producers are the managers, who make sure everything runs smoothly and that the artists have what they need to do their job. The artists are the performers, who create the actual work. And finally, the audience is everyone who enjoys or benefits from the art.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An ecosystem can be described as an environment of interconnected plants, animals and microorganisms that together interact with the physical environment. This analogy could be used to describe a theatrical production. The cast of actors (plants and animals), crew (microorganisms), stagehands (physical environment) and audience all work together to create a performance. The environment (stage) provides the necessary conditions for the players (plants and animals) to live, while they in turn produce waste products that are consumed by the crew (microorganisms). The audience observes the performance and may react to it, but ultimately they are not part of the show.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The ecosystem is like an orchestra. The different parts of the ecosystem (e.g., plants, animals, insects) all work together to create a harmonious system in which each part benefits from the others. Just as an orchestra needs different instruments to create music, the ecosystem needs different parts to function properly.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be thought of as the spreading of a ripple in a pond. The initial stimulus (the object that created the ripple) creates a small disturbance at its center, which then spreads outward until it dissipates. In terms of an action potential, this would correspond to the electrical signal starting at the site of stimulation and then propagating down the neuron until it reaches the end.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron is similar to the spreading of a paint color from one end of a brush to the other. Action potentials (paint) travel down the neuron (brush), and each time they hit a synapse, they slightly change the color of that spot (mixing with neurotransmitters released by the presynaptic neuron). This process gradually spreads the action potential along the length of the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
One would imagine the action potential as an energetic rock band, starting off small in one corner of the room and gradually getting louder and more widespread until it's rocking the entire space. This is essentially what happens with an action potential travelling down a neuron - it starts off as a tiny impulse at one point on the membrane and spreads outwards until it reaches the end of the cell.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The frog's respiratory system is a bit like an accordion. The lungs are long and thin, and when the frog breathes in, the air travels down the length of the lungs. When the frog exhales, the air travels back up to the outside world.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The frog's breathing mechanism can be likened to the way an artist uses a paintbrush. The artist dips the brush into the paint and then applies it to the canvas. In the same way, when the frog inhales, it takes in air from its surroundings. When it exhales, it pushes out carbon dioxide from its lungs.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Just as an opera singer uses her vocal cords to create sound, a frog's lungs work together with its larynx (voice box) to produce the croaking noise. When air is exhaled from the frog's lungs, it passes through the larynx on the way out. This causes the vocal cords to vibrate and produce sound.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A layered architecture is like a painting. The picture is divided into many layers, and each layer can be seen and interacted with independently of the others. This makes it possible to change or update just one part of the picture without affecting the rest.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A layered architecture is like an onion, with each layer built on top of the previous one. The outermost layer is the user interface, which the user sees and interacts with. Beneath that are the business logic layers, followed by the data access layers. The lowest level is the database itself, which stores all of the application's data.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Layered architecture can be thought of as an onion, with each layer representing a different part of the system. The outermost layer is the user interface, which allows users to interact with the system. Beneath that is the business logic layer, which contains the code that implements the system's functionality. Beneath that is the data access layer, which provides APIs for accessing and manipulating data. And finally, beneath that is the database itself, where all of the data is stored.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In an arts analogy, a limiting reactant can be thought of as the amount of paint that is available to create a painting. The more paint that is used, the less remains for future paintings. An excess reactant can be thought of as extra paint that is not needed and will not be used.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In an arts analogy, a limiting reactant can be thought of as the amount of paint that is available to create a painting. The excess reactant would be any additional paint that is not used up in the process of creating the painting.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A limiting reactant can be thought of as an artist's canvas. The canvas is a finite resource and, once it is used up, the artist cannot create any more art. An excess reactant can be thought of as an artist's paint. The paint is a finite resource and, once it is used up, the artist cannot create any more art.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A eukaryotic cell is a bit like an orchestra. It has many different parts that work together to create beautiful music. The cell nucleus is like the conductor, telling all the other parts what to do. The cytoplasm is like the audience, and the organelles are like the musicians playing their instruments.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Eukaryotic cells are like a theater. They have a director (the nucleus), actors (proteins), sets (the cytoskeleton), and scripts (genes). The eukaryotic cell is also like an orchestra, with different instruments playing different parts to create beautiful music.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a well-oiled machine. It's composed of many different parts that all work together to keep the cell running smoothly. The nucleus is like the brain, controlling everything that goes on inside the cell. The cytoplasm is like the muscles, providing power and movement. And the mitochondria are like the engines, producing energy for the cell to use.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a jazz band. It has many different parts that work together to create music. The trumpet player, the saxophone player, and the drummer all play different parts that come together to create a cohesive sound. Likewise, the prokaryotic cell has many different parts (the cytoplasm, the plasma membrane, the ribosomes) that work together to keep the cell alive and functioning.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a theater. The nucleus is the director, telling the cells what to do. The mitochondria are the producers, providing energy for the show. The plasmid is the script, containing all of the information needed to carry out the show. And finally, the ribosomes are the actors, translating the script into reality.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a jazz band. It has many parts that work together to create something larger and more complex. The bandleader coordinates the efforts of the musicians, making sure they all play together in harmony. Similarly, the genetic material in a prokaryotic cell directs the proteins that carry out its functions.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The kernel of an operating system can be thought of as the engine of a car. It is the part of the car that provides power to make it run, and it is also responsible for ensuring that all other parts of the car are functioning correctly. In much the same way, the kernel of an operating system is responsible for providing power to the computer and for ensuring that all other parts of the computer are working properly.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The operating system kernel can be thought of as the brain of the computer. It is responsible for managing all of the low-level operations that allow the computer to function. Just as our brains control all of the basic functions of our bodies, like breathing and heart rate, so too does the kernel manage all of the low-level operations required for a computer to run.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An operating system kernel is like the engine of a car. It provides basic low-level functionality needed to run the car, such as starting and stopping the engine, steering, and braking. The kernel also manages interactions between different parts of the car, such as the engine and the wheels. In much the same way, an operating system kernel manages interactions between different parts of a computer system, such as applications and hardware devices.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In cooking, if you want to make a certain dish but don't have all the ingredients, you can usually still make it by using only what you have. For example, if you want to make chili but only have ground beef and diced tomatoes on hand, you can still make chili by using those two ingredients as your "limiting reactants." The amount of chili you end up making will be based on how much of each ingredient you use. In the same way, in chemical reactions, the limiting reactant is the one that determines how much product can be made.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The limiting reactant is the amount of a particular chemical that is used up in a reaction. The rest of the chemicals in the reaction are called excess reagents. In an art analogy, think of the limiting reactant as being like paint. You can only use so much paint before it runs out and you have to stop painting. The other colors in the painting are like the excess reagents - they're not used up in the reaction and they just stay where they are.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A good way to think about a limiting reactant is to think about it as the "bottleneck" of the process. In other words, it's the part of the process that's most slowing things down. You can imagine an assembly line for manufacturing cars, for example. If you have too many workers trying to work on one car at a time, the process will slow down because there simply aren't enough cars to go around. The same idea applies to chemical reactions: if you have too much of one reactant and not enough of another, then the reaction won't progress as quickly (or at all) because one or more of the reactants are in short supply.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Helicase is a protein that unwinds double-stranded DNA so that the DNA can be used to make new proteins. It's like a person who uncoils a ball of yarn so that it can be used to knit a sweater.	helicase	Explain helicase using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
Helicase is a protein that helps to "unwind" the DNA double helix, making it easier for replication enzymes to copy the genetic information. It can be thought of as a set of gears that help to unwind the threads of a spool of thread.	helicase	Explain helicase using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
If helicase were an art form, it would be sculpture. Just as a sculptor takes a block of marble and chisels away at it to create a work of art, helicase takes the genetic material (DNA) and "chisels" away at it to allow replication to occur.	helicase	Explain helicase using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the "frame" of a painting. The frame helps to hold the painting together and defines its shape. In the same way, DNA replication binding proteins help to stabilize and define the structure of DNA during replication.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
If DNA replication binding proteins are the artists, then they are responsible for taking the blueprints (DNA) and creating a replica of it. They use their tools (enzymes) to help them create an exact copy of the blueprint.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Binding proteins are like the nails and screws that hold together the boards of a house. In DNA replication, these proteins help to attach the new strand of DNA to the old one.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Ligase is a protein that helps to hold two DNA strands together. It's kind of like the hot glue gun of the cell, helping to quickly and securely attach pieces together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
Ligase can be thought of as a kind of "glue" that helps to hold together two pieces of DNA. It is a type of enzyme that helps to join together the ends of strands of DNA, and it plays an important role in cell replication and gene expression.	ligase	Explain ligase using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A ligase is a type of enzyme that helps to join two pieces of DNA together. It can be thought of as the “glue” that holds the genetic material together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A process control block can be thought of as an orchestra conductor. The conductor controls the timing and coordination of the musicians, ensuring that they play together in harmony. In a similar way, a process control block oversees the execution of tasks within a program, making sure that they run smoothly and without conflicts.	process control block	Explain process control block using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Process control block is like a conductor of an orchestra. The conductor ensures that all the players are playing together and in time. They also make sure that when one player changes their tune, the rest of the orchestra follows along.	process control block	Explain process control block using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A control block is a set of instructions that allow for a smooth and controlled performance. In the arts, it would be comparable to a choreographer who creates steps and movements for dancers to follow during a performance. The control block ensures that each step is carried out in the correct order, at the correct time, and with the correct level of precision.	process control block	Explain process control block using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The encoding process can be thought of as a way of translating an image or message into a format that can be easily transmitted. The sender first needs to create an encoded version of the original message, which is then sent to the recipient. The recipient then uses a decoding mechanism to translate the coded message back into its original form.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Encoding a message is like writing a play. You need to come up with a story, create characters, and devise a way for the characters to communicate with each other. Once you have that done, you need to figure out how to encode it so that it can be read by someone else.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Encoding a message can be thought of as like translating it into another language. You might use symbols or pictures to encode your message, and the receiver would need to know the code in order to decode it.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Interactions between drugs and receptor sites can be thought of as a dance. The drug is the dancer, while the receptor site is the music. The drug "dances" to the beat of the receptor site, and in doing so, creates a response.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When a person takes a drug, the molecules of that drug interact with receptors on cells in the body. This can be thought of as analogous to two pieces of Velcro coming together. The drug molecule is like one piece of Velcro and the receptor site is like the other. When they come together, they create a chemical reaction that changes how the cell behaves.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The receptors are like the keys on a piano. The drugs are like the notes played on the piano.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like a movie screen. Images and videos are projected onto the screen, and people can watch them by sitting in front of it.	monitor	Explain monitor using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like a television. It outputs an image that can be seen by many people at the same time.	monitor	Explain monitor using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like a large painting that hangs on the wall in a public place. It can be seen by many people and it provides information or entertainment.	monitor	Explain monitor using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The CPU can be thought of as the conductor of an orchestra. The CPU is responsible for issuing instructions to all of the different parts of the computer and ensuring that everything works together seamlessly.	cpu	Explain cpu using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Just as an orchestra requires many different instruments to create a beautiful sound, a computer's cpu requires many different parts working together to create the powerful computing experience we know and love.	cpu	Explain cpu using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
If you think of a CPU as an orchestra, the conductor is the master clock and all the instruments (the cores) must play in harmony to produce beautiful music. The faster the clock, the more notes can be played at once, just like on a high-end phone or computer.	cpu	Explain cpu using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the frame of a house. It provides the foundation that everything else is built on top of. In much the same way, a motherboard provides the basic structure for a computer system, onto which other components are attached.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the spine of a book. It holds everything together and allows different parts to communicate with each other.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The motherboard can be thought of as the skeleton or frame of a house. It provides the structure that everything else is built on top of and connects all of the different parts of the house together. In a computer, the motherboard does essentially the same thing - it provides a foundation for all other components to connect to and helps them work together.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Ram memory is like an artist's sketchbook. It's a place where the artist can quickly store ideas and images without having to worry about them being lost or forgotten. The sketches in the sketchbook can be easily erased or changed, and new sketches can be added whenever the artist wants.	ram	Explain ram using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When you draw a picture, the different colors of pencil on the paper create an image. The more colors you use, the richer and more vibrant your drawing will be. RAM is like that – it’s what helps your computer to store all of the different bits of data that are being used at any given time. The more RAM you have, the better your computer will perform.	ram	Explain ram using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A computer's RAM is similar to a person's short-term memory. It is where the computer stores information that it is currently using so that it can access it quickly. Just like people can forget things if they don't use them frequently, a computer will forget information that is not stored in its long-term memory or hard drive.	ram	Explain ram using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The power supply unit can be thought of as the engine that powers a car. It provides electricity to all the components in the car, from the headlights to the stereo system. Likewise, a power supply unit provides power to all the components in your computer, from the processor to the hard drive.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as an orchestra director. The conductor ensures that each musician is playing the right note at the right time, and together they create a beautiful melody. In the same way, a power supply unit oversees all the electricity flowing through your computer and makes sure it's all working together properly to keep your system running smoothly.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as an orchestra conductor. Just as the conductor ensures that all of the instruments in the orchestra are playing together in harmony, a power supply unit ensures that all of the components in a computer are running smoothly and working together.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Just as a musician needs an instrument to create music, a keyboard user needs a keyboard to create text.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A keyboard is like a piano. It has different keys that you can press to make different sounds.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The keyboard is like an orchestra. It has many different instruments (keys), and each one can be played in a variety of ways to create different sounds (notes).	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A mouse is like a conductor of an orchestra. The mouse clicks and drags the cursor to select and control what happens on the screen.	mouse	Explain mouse using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A mouse is a small rodent typically used as a pet or for laboratory research. A mouse can be thought of as an artist's tool because it can be used to create a precise drawing on the computer monitor.	mouse	Explain mouse using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A mouse is a small rodent that people use as a computer input device. A mouse is similar to a trackball in how it works, but a mouse has two buttons and a scroll wheel.	mouse	Explain mouse using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An audio card would be like an orchestra. It takes the input from different sources (like a violin, cello, flute) and combines them together to create a beautiful sound.	audio card	Explain audio card using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An audio card can be thought of as an artist's palette. Just as an artist has a variety of colors to choose from, an audio card allows the user to select from different sound frequencies. An audio card also provides filters that allow the user to adjust the sound quality, much like how an artist might use various brushes and techniques to create a specific effect.	audio card	Explain audio card using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Just as an artist needs different tools to create a work of art, an audio card requires different inputs and outputs to produce sound. The various jacks on the audio card allow users to plug in microphones, headphones, and other devices that generate or capture sound. The card then converts these signals into digital form and sends them to the computer's speakers or headphones.	audio card	Explain audio card using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A video card is a lot like an artist's canvas. It's the surface that you create your work of art on. The video card has all sorts of different tools that you can use to make your masterpiece, like colors, brushes, and pens.	video card	Explain video card using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A video card is like a painter's canvas. The video card holds the image that will be displayed on the monitor. The processor processes the images and sends them to the video card.	video card	Explain video card using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A video card can be seen as an artist's canvas. The video card is the surface that the artist uses to create their work. The artist can use a variety of tools and colors to create their masterpiece. In the same way, the video card can use a variety of textures and colors to create an image on the screen.	video card	Explain video card using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The tree's age calculation can be thought of as an art analogy. Just like an artist has to consider the size of their canvas, the tree's age is determined by how much space it has taken up over time. The width of the trunk at its base and the distance between major branches are used to calculate a rough estimate for its age.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Tree age calculation using an arts analogy is like a musician who has been playing their instrument for 10 years. The musician has put in the time and practice to hone their skills. In the same way, a tree that is 10 years old has been alive for 10 years and has had plenty of time to grow and develop its features.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A tree's age calculation would be like an artist who starts with a blank canvas and adds one brush stroke each day. The artist has created a masterpiece after 365 days.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In glycolysis, a molecule of glucose is broken down into two molecules of pyruvate. This can be thought of as analogous to an artist taking a large canvas and breaking it down into smaller pieces that can be more easily managed.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose molecules into pyruvate. This process can be thought of as an artist creating a work of art. The artist starts with a blank canvas and gradually adds color and detail to create a masterpiece. In the same way, glycolysis starts with glucose and gradually converts it into pyruvate, releasing energy in the process.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Glycolysis can be likened to a musician playing a guitar. The guitarist starts by plucking the strings, which produces vibrations. These vibrations are then amplified by the amplifier, and finally heard through the loudspeaker. In glycolysis, glucose is like the string on the guitar, while ATP is like the amplifier. The energy produced by glycolysis is then used to produce more ATP (like the sound of the guitar being amplified).	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Stokes scattering can be thought of as light waves traveling through a thick jar of honey. The honey is the medium and the light waves are the objects being scattered. When a light wave encounters an object, it will cause some of the energy in that wave to be absorbed and some to be reflected. If the object is large enough, it will also cause diffraction of the light wave. Anti-stokes scattering happens when a light wave encounters an object and causes more energy to be reflected than absorbed. This can be thought of as waves crashing against rocks on the shoreline. The force of the impact creates spray in all directions, including back towards the water. In much the same way, anti-stokes scattering sends energy (light) back in the direction from which it came.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In analogy to arts, anti-stokes scattering can be explained as the moment when an artist releases their creation out into the world and it no longer belongs to them. In the context of light, this is when photons are released from an atom and travel away from it.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When a beam of light encounters an obstruction, for example when it passes through a small opening or around an object, some of the light is reflected and some is scattered. The reflected light travels in a straight line from the obstacle back to the observer. Scattered light, on the other hand, is sent off in all directions. Some of it reaches the observer's eyes directly, while some arrives after bouncing off objects in its path.An analogy to help understand anti-stokes scattering can be drawn from art class. Imagine you are looking at a painting that has been created using thick paint applied with a brush. When you stand close to the painting, you see mostly strokes of color that make up the image. As you move further away from the painting, however, these individual strokes start to blend together and eventually disappear entirely. This is analogous to what happens with reflected light; it becomes harder and harder to distinguish separate points as you move further away from them.With scattered light, it's as if you are looking at the painting from all different angles at once. You might not be able to see all details clearly but there will still be an overall impression of what the painting looks like.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When light shines on a smooth surface, it reflects off in a predictable way. This is like throwing a rock at a still pond and watching the waves ripple out from where the rock hit. However, when light shines on something with bumps or irregularities, the reflected light doesn't come back in one neat little package. Instead, it scatters in all directions, just like if you threw that rock into water with moving currents. This is called stokes scattering.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Stokes scattering is a phenomenon that causes light to scatter when it passes through certain materials. This can be thought of as similar to how sound waves scatter when they pass through different objects. Just as the density and shape of an object can cause sound waves to scatter in many directions, the density and shape of a material can cause light waves to scatter in many directions.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When light waves scatter off small objects, it's a bit like throwing a bunch of pebbles into a pond. The ripples from the stones spread out in all directions, and some of them reflect back towards the shore. The same thing happens with light: when it hits particles in the air, some of the energy is reflected back towards the source. This is called stokes scattering.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that will kill half of the organisms exposed to it. You can think about it as the point at which an artwork becomes too poisonous for most people to handle.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A median lethal dose is the concentration of a drug or other substance in the blood that kills 50% of those exposed to it. In other words, it's the point at which half of the people exposed will die and half will not. You could think of it as the "lethal halfway point."	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
If you imagine the "dose" of a poison as being like the volume of water in a bathtub, the median lethal dose (LD50) would be the point at which half of those who take it will die.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The universe is like a painting. The canvas is the universe, and the paint is the matter and energy that make up everything in it.	universe	Explain universe using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The universe is like a painting. It has different layers, and each layer has its own unique properties. The bottom layer is the canvas, which is made up of different colors and textures. The top layer is the sky, which is made up of blue and white paint. Each layer interacts with the others to create a complete picture.	universe	Explain universe using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The universe can be thought of as a great work of art. Just like an artist creates a painting or sculpture, the universe is composed of many individual elements that come together to create a cohesive whole. The planets, stars, and other objects in space are like the colors and shapes used by an artist to create their masterpiece. And just like an audience enjoys looking at a work of art, people observe the universe and marvel at its beauty.	universe	Explain universe using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like artists. They use their creative abilities to change one molecule into another. In the same way that an artist can take a blank canvas and turn it into a beautiful painting, enzymes can take simple molecules and turn them into something more complex.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The enzyme mechanism is like a group of artists who are working together to create a masterpiece. The artists each have their own individual role in the process, and they all work together to create something beautiful. The enzymes are responsible for performing the chemical reactions that allow the cells to function, and they work together to create something amazing.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The enzyme is like a key that unlocks the door to the sugar molecule. The sugar molecule fits into a specific receptor on the surface of the cell, and once it is unlocked by the enzyme, it can enter the cell.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An ANOVA, or analysis of variance, is used in statistics to test the hypothesis that there is a difference between the means of two (or more) populations. This analogy uses the concept of an art exhibition to help explain how ANOVA works. Imagine you are at an art exhibition and you walk past three different paintings. The first painting is a landscape, the second painting is a portrait, and the third painting is a still life. You stop in front of each painting and take a look.You might stand in front of the landscape for a while, thinking about how peaceful it looks. Then you might move on to the portrait and notice how realistic it looks – you can even see all of the pores on the person’s skin! Finally, you might stop in front of the still life and think about how interesting it is to see all those fruits and vegetables together.Now imagine that someone asks you which painting is your favourite. It’s not easy to answer this question because your favourites might be different from someone else’s favourites. Maybe one person prefers landscapes while another person prefers portraits. Or maybe one person thinks that still lifes are more interesting than other kinds of paintings.This analogy explains how ANOVA works using art exhibitions as an example. The first step in ANOVA is to compare all of the different paintings (the landscapes, portraits, and still lifes). Next, we find out which type of painting people like best (landscapes, portraits, or still lifes). Finally, we use these results to decide if there is a difference between the means (the average number)of people who like landscapes versus people who like portraits versus people who like still lifes	anova	Explain anova using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An analogy for ANOVA would be comparing the average score of students in three different classes. The null hypothesis would be that there is no difference in the mean score of the students in each of the classes. The alternative hypothesis would be that there is a difference in the mean score of the students in at least one of the classes.	anova	Explain anova using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An ANOVA is a little like when your favourite band announce they are going on tour and playing a load of different cities around the world. The first date of the tour is in London, so you buy tickets for that show. Then the band announce some more dates and this time they are playing in Manchester – you buy tickets for that show too. But then the band add more dates and this time they are also playing in Glasgow – you buy tickets for that show as well. Finally, the band add one last date and this time they are playing in Dublin – you buy tickets for that final show even though it’s a bit far away from where you live.The analogy is that London = 1st city, Manchester = 2nd city, Glasgow = 3rd city, Dublin = 4th City.	anova	Explain anova using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room by turning on or off the furnace. It can be thought of as an artist, because it creates and maintains a comfortable environment for people to live in.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A thermostat can be thought of as a controller for your heating and cooling system. It monitors the temperature in your home and tells your furnace or air conditioner when to turn on or off to keep things comfortable.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A thermostat is an electronic device that maintains a desired room temperature by turning on or off the heating or air conditioning system. You can think of it as your home's "nervous system." Just like your body's nervous system regulates all the activities in your body, the thermostat regulates all the activities in your home - from keeping you comfortable to saving you energy.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A chemical equilibrium is like a balancing act in which the opposing forces of two chemicals are equal. Just as an artist must carefully balance the weight and placement of objects on a scale, chemists must balance the concentrations of reactants and products to maintain equilibrium.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a jazz trio playing together. The players (atoms, molecules) are constantly reacting with one another to create new compounds, but they also quickly break down those same compounds. The key is that the balance between creation and destruction is just right so that the trio can keep playing together without interruption.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium can be thought of as an artist's canvas. The artist begins with a blank canvas and adds paint to it, creating a painting. As the painter continues to add paint, the colors begin to mix together and the painting takes form. However, at some point the painter will stop adding paint; this is chemical equilibrium. At this point, there is no more change in the painting because all of the chemicals (paint) have reached a state of balance.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In the arts, just-in-time would be like a painter who always has all of the colors they need on their palette to create a painting. They don't have to store extra tubes of paint or wait for the right color to come in stock; they can mix any color they need as they go. In business, just-in-time means having only the necessary materials on hand when you need them so that you're not wasting time and money stockpiling things you might not use.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve efficiency and reduce waste by delivering goods and services only as they are needed. This can be compared to an artist who completes a painting one brushstroke at a time, rather than starting the entire painting and then finishing it all at once.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In the arts, just-in-time is a production philosophy that emphasizes getting products to market as quickly as possible, without sacrificing quality. It relies on suppliers being able to deliver the necessary components or raw materials exactly when they are needed in the manufacturing process.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an artist who is constantly learning and growing in their craft. The artist starts with basic techniques, but over time they learn new techniques and ways to improve their work. The artist also adapts to feedback from others, making changes based on what they hear. In the same way, adaptive immunity is constantly learning and changing in response to new information (i.e. antigens).	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Adaptive immunity can be described as a musician who learns and adapts to new music. The musician's brain is constantly adjusting and learning new melodies, rhythms, and harmonies. This allows the musician to better play with other musicians and create beautiful music. In a similar way, adaptive immunity allows our bodies to better fight off infections by learning how to recognize and destroy invading organisms.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In adaptive immunity, the body's immune system recognizes specific pathogens and adapts by producing antibodies that specifically target these pathogens. This can be likened to an artist who becomes better at painting after practicing their craft over time. The artist's skills improve as they become more familiar with the techniques required to create a masterpiece. In a similar way, the body's immune system becomes better equipped to fight off infections as it encounters different viruses and bacteria.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In an electric circuit, the voltage (E) is like the pressure of a fluid and the current (I) is like the flow rate of that fluid. The resistance (R) in a circuit is analogous to friction in a system; it's what slows down the flow of current. Ohm's law states that the voltage across a resistor is proportional to the current flowing through it, and that this relationship is constant:	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Ohm's law is a bit like the Golden Ratio in that it's been found to be naturally occurring throughout many disciplines. In terms of its impact on electrical circuits, Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference across the two points. In other words, if you increase voltage you'll also see an increase in current (and vice versa).	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Just as a musician might use different notes to create a melody, an electrician uses different voltages and currents to create an electrical current. Ohm's law states that the voltage across a resistor is equal to the product of the resistance of the resistor and the current through it. In other words, just as musicians can control how loudly they play by adjusting their volume pedals, electricians can control how much power flows through a circuit by adjusting the resistance in that circuit.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
In the arts, transcription is the process of recreating a musical piece or other performance from written notation. The musician reads the notes on the page and then plays them on an instrument, reproducing all of the nuances of the original performance. In biology, transcription is very similar: it is the process of reading DNA sequences and creating proteins based on those instructions.	transcription	Explain transcription using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Transcription is the process of copying a text or document from one form to another, usually by typing it out. It can be thought of as similar to transferring a painting from one medium to another - like canvas to paper. The original work is unchanged, but a copy exists in a new form.	transcription	Explain transcription using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Transcription is the process of turning music into sheet music. The musician hears the song in their head, and then writes it down using musical notation so that other musicians can play it.	transcription	Explain transcription using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	0
Rna polymerase can be thought of as an artist. The artist takes various colors of paint and creates a masterpiece using these colors. Rna polymerase does the same thing with nucleotides, it uses these building blocks to create rna strands.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Ribonucleic acid, or RNA, is a molecule similar to DNA that helps create proteins in the body. Just as an artist might use different colors of paint to create a painting, RNA polymerases uses different molecules called nucleotides to create new strands of RNA.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Consider RNA polymerase as an artist. The artist has a canvas (the template strand), some paints (nucleotides), and an easel to hold the canvas up. The artist begins by selecting one color of paint and painting a stripe on the left side of the canvas. Then, the artist selects another color of paint and paints a stripe next to the first one. This process is repeated until the entire canvas is covered in stripes of different colors.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like a production line in an arts factory. The raw materials (amino acids) come in one end, and the products (proteins) come out the other. The ribosomes control how the assembly of proteins proceeds by reading the instructions that are encoded in DNA.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes can be thought of as the engines that drive protein synthesis in all living cells. Just as an engine needs fuel and oxygen to run, ribosomes require amino acids (the "fuel" for proteins) and nucleotides (the "oxygen" for proteins) to create new proteins.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes could be thought of as the "building blocks" of protein synthesis. Just as an artist needs various types of materials to create a work of art, ribosomes need different types of molecules to synthesize proteins.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The activator protein is like a musician who comes to a concert and turns on the music. The activator protein is responsible for starting the process of transcription, which is like turning on the music at a concert.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An activator protein is like a conductor of an orchestra. It helps to initiate and regulate the process of gene expression.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An activator protein is like an "artist" that helps to start a particular process in the cell.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
An electric circuit can be thought of as a water pump. The pump is the battery, and the valves are the switches. The hoses are the wires, and the water is the electricity. When you turn on the switch, it opens the valve and allows current to flow from the battery to whatever device is plugged into it.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Electricity is like water in a hose. The voltage (pressure) is the force that pushes the electricity through the wires, and the current (flow rate) is how much electricity flows through the wire each second. Just as you can turn on a faucet to get more or less water coming out, you can change the voltage on an electric circuit to make it flow faster or slower.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
A light bulb is like an artist's canvas. The electricity flows through the wires in the same way paint would flow over a canvas. When the light switch is turned on, it provides power to the light bulb in the same way an artist might turn on a lamp next to their easel.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Water is like a group of people who are all very close friends. They spend all their time together and know everything about each other. Oil is like someone who is new to the group. They don't know anyone well and keep to themselves. The water molecules are constantly bumping into each other and they are drawn to each other because they are similar. The oil molecule doesn't fit in with the rest of the group and it doesn't interact with them as much.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Water is like a group of people who are all very close friends. They are always together and they really enjoy each other's company. Oil is like a person who is new to the group. He doesn't know anyone, he's not comfortable around them, and he just wants to be left alone.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in water. This can be described as an attraction between like molecules that causes them to clump together, similar to how people tend to gather around a campfire on a cool night.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Biological signal transduction can be compared to the way that a musician uses different instruments to create music. The musician first needs to choose the right instrument for the type of music they want to play. They then need to learn how to play that instrument correctly. Finally, they need to know how to use that instrument in combination with other instruments to create the desired sound. In much the same way, cells use different molecules (instruments) and pathways (musical techniques) to create specific signals (sounds).	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
When you go to a concert, the sound of the music is produced by vibrations in the air. These vibrations are created by musicians hitting or plucking strings on their instruments, and blowing into brass and woodwind instruments. The vibration of the air molecules causes your eardrums to vibrate, and these vibrations are transmitted along the auditory nerve to your brain, where they are interpreted as sound.In a similar way, when a hormone or neurotransmitter binds to its receptor on a cell membrane, it causes that membrane to vibrate. This vibration is called a signal transduction event, and it initiates a series of biochemical reactions that ultimately lead to changes in the activity of the cell.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
The process of signal transduction can be thought of as the way in which a message is sent from one person to another, similar to how a telephone works. The transmitter (in this analogy, the sender of the message) sends an electric current through a wire to the receiver (the person receiving the message). This electric current creates an electromagnetic field that travels along the wire. When it reaches the receiver, it causes a change in voltage in the receiver's metal wires, which is then converted into sound by our earphones or speakers.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an arts analogy.	ht	arts	1
Nadh is like a musician who plays the same note over and over again. The musician is providing a background for the other instruments in the orchestra. Nadh is also like a painter who uses the same color over and over again. The painter is providing a background for the other colors in the painting.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Proteins are like the bricks in a building. They are the foundation that everything else is built on.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe is written down in a book, and it tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. The recipe is also written down in the cells of your body, and it tells your body how to make a cake.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A glycogen molecule is like a big, strong, bouncy ball. It is made up of lots of smaller balls, which are like the glucose molecules. The big ball is like the glycogen molecule, and the small balls are like the glucose molecules.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory inside the cell. It produces proteins and other important molecules.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, sorts them, and sends them to the correct destination.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a sheet of cellophane stretched tightly over a bowl of soup. The soup is the cytoplasm, and the cellophane is the plasma membrane. The soup is in contact with the air above it, and the cellophane is in contact with the soup.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. Just as the stomach breaks down food to extract energy and nutrients, lysosomes break down cellular debris to extract energy and nutrients.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling plant in your town. They take all of the old, broken, and unusable materials and turn them into new materials that can be used again.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of the cell. Just as a power plant provides electricity for a city, mitochondria provide energy for the cell. They do this by breaking down food molecules into a form that the cell can use.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Chloroplasts are like the film in a camera. They capture light and turn it into energy that the plant can use.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to hold the cells together and provides a structure for the cell to grow and divide.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
ATP is like the gasoline that powers a car. It is used to create energy that is needed for the car to move.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
NADPH is like the fuel that powers a car. It helps the car run by providing energy.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like tiny recycling plants inside of cells. They take in old, damaged proteins and recycle them into new, healthy proteins.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Mytochondria are like the paintbrushes of the cell. They are responsible for creating energy in the cell by converting glucose into ATP.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Magnets have two poles, a north pole and a south pole. If you have two magnets and you bring the north poles together, they will repel each other. If you bring the south poles together, they will attract each other. Electric forces work the same way. If you have two positively charged particles, they will repel each other. If you have two negatively charged particles, they will attract each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is like a planet orbiting around the sun. The electron is constantly moving around the nucleus in a circular path. Just like the planets in our solar system, the electron's orbit can be described by its distance from the nucleus and its speed.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The body's first line of defense is like a castle's wall. The wall is the first thing that people see and it is meant to keep people out. The wall is strong and it is meant to protect the people inside the castle.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Macrophages are like the body's garbage collectors. They eat up the junk in the body and help to clean it up.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A t-helper cell is like a conductor in an orchestra. They help orchestrate the activity of other cells in the immune system to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are like the security guards of the immune system. They are responsible for identifying and destroying any cells that are not supposed to be in the body. They do this by recognizing specific proteins on the surface of the cells.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as a group of "superheroes" who protect the body from infection and disease. They are able to identify and destroy cells that are infected or damaged, which helps to keep the body healthy.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
One way to think of the invasion of bacteria is as an invasion of an enemy army. Just as an army would use weapons and tactics to try to take over a city or country, bacteria use their own weapons and tactics to take over the body. The bacteria use things like enzymes to break down the cells in the body and toxins to poison the cells. They can also use things like adhesins to attach themselves to the cells and virulence factors to make the cells more vulnerable to infection.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Action potential is like a crowd of people at a football game. The people are all standing in one place, and then someone starts to push from the back of the crowd. The people at the back of the crowd start to push forward, and the people at the front of the crowd start to move back. This keeps happening until the people at the front of the crowd are at the back of the crowd, and the people at the back of the crowd are at the front.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Chromatography is like a giant coloring book. The colors are all mixed together in a big pot, and when you start to color a picture, you dip your brush into the pot and get a little of every color on your brush. But as you start to color, the colors start to spread out. The red dye goes to the edge of the brush, the blue dye goes to the middle, and the yellow dye goes to the other edge. So as you color, the picture starts to look like it has different colors in different places. Chromatography does the same thing with molecules. The different molecules spread out in different directions, and you can see where they are on the paper.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Stars are like people. The hotter they are, the shorter their life is. The coolest stars can live for trillions of years, while the hottest stars only last for a few million years.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Nucleus is like the director of a play. He or she oversees everything that goes on and makes sure that everything runs smoothly.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the construction workers of the cell. They build the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a kind of post office for the cell. It receives packages of proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, sorts them, and sends them off to their destinations.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. Just as the stomach breaks down food to extract energy and nutrients, lysosomes break down cellular debris to extract energy and nutrients.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a kind of envelope or wrapper that surrounds the nucleus of a cell. It is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane, that enclose the nucleus and its contents. The nuclear envelope serves as a barrier between the nucleus and the rest of the cell, and helps to protect the nucleus from damage.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A vacuole is like a balloon. It is a small, round, and thin object that can be filled with air or other gases.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "soup" of the cell. It is a thick, viscous fluid that contains all of the cell's organelles and genetic material. The cytoplasm can be thought of as a kind of "cellular soup" that contains all of the cell's organelles and genetic material.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Chromosomes are like pieces of thread that are wrapped around spools. The thread is like the DNA, and the spools are like the chromosomes.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The cytosol can be thought of as the "blood" of the cell. It is a fluid that surrounds the organelles and helps to transport nutrients and waste products. It can also be thought of as the cell's "internal environment."	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A cell is like a small room. It has a door that can be opened and closed, and it has a window that can be opened and closed. It has a bed, a desk, and a chair. It has a light that can be turned on and off. It has a sink and a toilet.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is filled with a liquid or gas and is surrounded by a thin membrane.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A cell wall is like a castle wall. It is strong and protects the people inside.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Cells are like the paint on a canvas. They are the building blocks of life and can be used to create any picture you can imagine.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The cell membrane is like a fence. It surrounds the cell and keeps things in or out.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The Golgi body is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from all over the cell, processes them, and sends them off to their destinations.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A capacitor is like a container of water. If you have a hose and you turn the water on, the water will flow out of the hose. If you put your finger over the end of the hose, the water will stop flowing. The water is like the electricity and the hose is like the wire. The more water in the container, the more pressure there is on your finger. The more electricity in the capacitor, the more pressure there is on your finger.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity. Just as a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage. Just as a river can be dammed to create a reservoir, a voltage can be created to store electricity. Just as a river can be used to power mills and factories, electric current can be used to power electronic devices.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spurt out water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A cell is like a small city. The cell has a mayor, who is in charge of the cell. The mayor is responsible for making sure that the cell functions properly. The mayor is assisted by other city officials, who are responsible for different aspects of the cell's functioning. The officials communicate with each other to make sure that the cell runs smoothly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Kirchoff's voltage law is like a traffic law. Just as drivers must obey the traffic law to avoid accidents, electrical current must obey the voltage law to avoid creating a dangerous situation.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. As the people walk through the crowd, they push the people in front of them and create a wave of people that moves through the crowd. The people in the back of the wave are pushed forward, and the people in the front of the wave are pulled back.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help to speed up chemical reactions in the body. They are like tiny robots that help to make things happen quickly.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	0
The human active memory system can be thought of as an office space. The space is divided into different areas for different purposes. The space can be rearranged to accommodate different tasks. The space can be expanded or contracted as needed. The space can be used for short-term or long-term purposes.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step that determines how fast the reaction will happen. This is like when you are watching a movie and the slowest part is the part that determines how long the movie will be.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Column chromatography is like a giant slide for molecules. The molecules are like kids on the slide. The solvent is like the water in the pool at the bottom of the slide. The column is like the slide itself. The molecules move down the column as the solvent moves up.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a dance. The dancers (molecules) are constantly moving around and changing partners (reacting). But at the end of the dance, they all end up back where they started (in equilibrium).	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A vacuole is like a balloon. It is a small, round, and empty space in a cell.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A transport vesicle is like a bus. The vesicle transports proteins and other materials from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the blueprints for a house. They contain the information necessary to make a protein that can cause cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Oncogenes are like pieces of a puzzle. They are like a key that can turn on the cancer process.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing out of control.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Brittle software is like a vase that is easily broken. It doesn't take much force to cause it to shatter into pieces.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Resonance hybrid is a bit like a choir. A choir is made up of lots of different voices, but when they sing together, they create a beautiful sound. In the same way, the different electron configurations in a molecule can create a beautiful, harmonic sound when they resonate together.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a group of people standing in a line, each person holding the hand of the person in front of them. As the first person in the line moves, they pull on the hands of the people behind them, causing them to move as well.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
An electroencephalogram is a bit like a map of the brain. Just like you can see different parts of a city on a map, you can see different parts of the brain on an EEG.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a copy of a masterpiece. The artist takes a blank canvas and starts with a sketch of the original masterpiece. They then use this sketch as a guide to create an exact copy of the original.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
RNA transcription is a bit like writing a play. The playwright has a story in their head, and they start writing it down, scene by scene. As they write, they might make changes to the story, or add new scenes. The same thing happens during RNA transcription - the genetic information in the DNA is turned into RNA, and it can change as it goes along.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Protein translation is a bit like a play. The playwright is the one who comes up with the story, and the actors are the ones who perform it. The playwright's job is to write down the words that the actors will say, and the actors' job is to say them. The same thing happens with protein translation. The genetic code is like the playwright's words, and the ribosomes are like the actors. They take the genetic code and turn it into a protein.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a theatrical production. The production has a director (the ecosystem's governing body), a cast of actors (species of plants and animals), a stage (the environment), and a script (the ecosystem's physical and chemical conditions). The director oversees the production, casting the actors, and setting the stage. The actors interact with one another and with their environment to create the play. The script sets the conditions under which the play is performed.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be likened to the propagation of a wave down a length of string. Just as a wave can travel down a string by displacing the particles of the string in a periodic manner, an action potential can travel down a neuron by displacing the particles of the neuron in a periodic manner.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Breathing in frogs is a little bit like sucking through a straw. The frog's mouth and throat are flexible, so when it opens its mouth, the air is drawn in. The frog's lungs are behind its ribcage, and as the air is drawn in, the lungs expand. When the frog closes its mouth, the air is forced out of its lungs and it exhales.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A layered architecture is like a cake. The cake is made up of many layers, and each layer is made up of many smaller parts. The cake is held together by a frosting or icing, which is also made up of many layers.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource, like a limited amount of paint. If you have a lot of white paint and a little bit of blue paint, you can make a lot of light blue paint, but if you only have a little bit of white paint, you can't make very much light blue paint no matter how much blue paint you add. An excess reactant is like having a lot of white paint and no blue paint - you can't make light blue paint, but you can still use the white paint to make other colors.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. The cell has a nucleus (the city hall), mitochondria (the power plants), and other organelles (the different neighborhoods). The cell also has proteins (the police) and RNA (the city planners).	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, independent town. The town has all the basic needs, such as a grocery store, post office, and schools. The townspeople are responsible for their own needs, such as getting food, mail, and education.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The kernel of an operating system can be thought of as the brain of the computer. It is responsible for managing all of the resources of the computer and ensuring that everything runs smoothly. Just as the brain coordinates the activities of the body, the kernel coordinates the activities of the computer. It manages the memory, the processors, and the input and output devices. It also handles the communication between the different parts of the computer.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A musician has a certain number of notes they can play before their performance is over. The musician can play a certain number of high notes, a certain number of low notes, and a certain number of middle notes. If they try to play more high notes than they have, they will run out of notes and their performance will be over. The high notes are the limiting reactant.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Helicase is like a staircase. It helps things move up and down.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the nails that hold the boards of a house together. The nails are essential for the stability of the house, and without them, the boards would eventually fall apart. In the same way, DNA replication binding proteins are essential for the stability of the DNA molecule, and without them, the DNA molecule would eventually fall apart.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Ligase is like a glue that helps to hold things together. It helps to bind two pieces of DNA together, similar to how glue can bind two pieces of paper together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A process control block can be thought of as an artist's palette. Just as an artist can mix different colors on their palette to create new hues, a process can use different control blocks to create new behaviors.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Message encoding is like translating a text from one language to another. You are taking the original message and changing it into a new form that can be understood by someone else.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
One could think of receptor sites as locks and drugs as keys. The drug is like a key in that it fits into the receptor site like a lock. When the drug is in the receptor site, it can change how the cell works.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A monitor is like a television. It is a device that displays images and videos.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The CPU is like an orchestra conductor. The conductor tells the musicians when to play and how to play their instruments. The CPU tells the different parts of the computer what to do and when to do it.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the skeleton of a computer. It is a large, flat board that houses all of the essential components of a computer. Just as bones provide structure and support for the body, the motherboard provides structure and support for the computer. It holds all of the computer's essential parts in place and allows them to communicate with each other.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Ramming your car into another car is like loading data into your computer's random access memory. The RAM is like a parking lot where the data is stored temporarily. When you need the data, your computer can access it quickly from the RAM.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a large battery. It takes in power from an outlet and stores it until it is needed. This allows devices to run without having to be plugged in all the time.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A keyboard is like a piano. You can use the keyboard to play different notes by pressing different keys.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A mouse is like a tiny, furry cat that scurries around and climbs up things.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
An audio card is like a musician's sheet music. It is a tool that the musician uses to play their music.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A video card is like a painter's canvas. The video card's memory is like the painter's canvas, and the video card's processor is like the painter's brush. The video card's processor can paint a picture on the memory, and the video card's memory can store the picture.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The tree's age calculation is like a clock. The tree has a certain number of years that it has been alive, and it is counting down. Every year, it ticks one more time.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Glycolysis is like a musician warming up before a performance. The musician warms up by playing scales and simple melodies. Glycolysis warms up the cell by breaking down glucose into energy.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Anti-stokes scattering is a bit like a person clapping their hands. The sound of the clapping is created by the air molecules being pushed away from the hands. The molecules then quickly return to their original position. This creates a sound wave that travels through the air.Anti-stokes scattering is a bit like this, but instead of sound waves, it creates light waves. The light is pushed away from the object and then quickly returns to its original position. This creates a light wave that travels through the air.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Stokes scattering is a bit like when you throw a stone into a pond and the ripples spread out. The light is like the stone and the atoms in the material are like the water. When the light hits the atoms, it scatters in all directions.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that is lethal to 50% of the population. It can be thought of as the dose of a drug that would kill half of the people who took it.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	0
The universe is like a painting. It is a vast and complex creation that is full of beauty and mystery. There are billions of stars and planets, and each one is unique. The universe is a never-ending source of inspiration and wonder.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Enzyme mechanism is like a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock and the substrate is the key. The substrate fits into the enzyme like a key fits into a lock. The enzyme and the substrate are then able to react with each other.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
An anova is like a group of painters who are all trying to paint a picture of the same scene. The anova is looking at how well each painter did in painting the scene.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. The conductor sets the pace and the orchestra follows. The thermostat sets the temperature and the furnace or air conditioner follows.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a dance. The dancers (molecules) are constantly moving around and changing partners (reacting). But at the end of the dance, they all end up back where they started, in the same place.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Just-in-time is like having a personal assistant who helps you get everything done just in time for your deadline.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer is constantly watching the door, and when someone tries to come in who is not on the list, the bouncer stops them. The bouncer is adaptive because he is constantly learning who is allowed into the club and who is not.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Ohm's law is like a traffic light. The amount of traffic (current) is like the cars, and the light is like the ohm. The light tells the cars when to stop and when to go.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Transcription is like taking a picture of a painting. You are still looking at the painting, but you are also capturing a picture of it to keep. Transcription is like copying a picture of a painting. You are still looking at the painting, but you are also making a copy of it to keep.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
RNA polymerase is like a movie projector. It takes the individual frames of the movie (the DNA) and projects them onto the screen (the RNA).	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the construction workers of the cell. They build the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks a door. The activator protein binds to a specific site on the DNA molecule and then helps to open up the door so that the gene can be expressed.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Electricity is like water in a hose. The water pressure (voltage) is like the water pressure in the hose. The amount of water flowing through the hose (amperage) is like the amount of electricity flowing through the circuit. The length of the hose (length of wire) is like the length of the wire in the circuit.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Water molecules are attracted to each other by hydrogen bonds. This attraction creates a strong force that pulls the molecules close together. This force is called the hydrophobic effect. The hydrophobic effect is the force that causes water to form droplets and beads on hydrophobic surfaces.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	0
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a telephone line. The telephone line carries an electrical signal from the telephone to the person on the other end. The electrical signal is converted into sound waves that the person can hear. Biological signal transduction is similar. The signal is carried from the cell to the target molecule. The signal is converted into a chemical signal that the target molecule can understand.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	lt	arts	1
Nadh is like the adhesive on a Post-it note. Just as the sticky substance helps keep the paper attached to surfaces, nadh helps molecules stick together, facilitating chemical reactions.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nadh can be likened to the oxygen in our blood. It is necessary for life and helps us to perform at our best.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nadh can be thought of as the fuel for the artist's creative engine. Just as gasoline powers a car, nadh provides energy for the artist to create. It is necessary for producing new ideas and sparking inspiration.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Proteins are like the bricks of a building. Just as each brick is essential in order to build a sturdy structure, proteins are necessary for the body to function properly. Some proteins play structural roles, while others have important metabolic functions. Like all buildings, the human body needs regular maintenance and repairs in order to stay strong and healthy.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A protein is like a strand of colorful yarn. The colors represent the different amino acids that make up the protein. Like yarn, proteins can be twisted and woven together to create all sorts of intricate designs.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Proteins are like a big group of artists who all have their own unique style, but they all come together to create one big artwork. The proteins all work together to create something amazing - just like how the artists all work together to create a masterpiece.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Dna is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe has all the ingredients and instructions you need to make the cake. Dna has all the information you need to create a living creature.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
DNA is like a giant jigsaw puzzle. The pieces are all different shapes and sizes, but they fit together perfectly. The DNA in each cell is like a section of the puzzle. When the cells divide, the DNA splits into two pieces and each half goes to a new cell.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Your body is like a big library, and each book in the library is written in a different language. The DNA inside your cells is like the catalog of all the books in the library. It tells your cells which books are stored inside them and how to read them.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A glycogen molecule can be thought of as a string of pearls. The pearls are the glucose molecules and the string is the glycogen molecule.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Glycogen is a lot like gasoline for a car. It is stored in the tank and when the car needs it, the driver can access it and put it into the engine to make the car go. Glycogen does something similar for our bodies - it is stored in our muscles and when we need energy, we can break down glycogen to get that energy.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A glycogen molecule is like a string of pearls. The individual pearls are the glucose molecules and the string is the glycogen molecule.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a big factory inside the cell. It's where a lot of the work happens, like making proteins and cholesterol. The endoplasmic reticulum is also responsible for getting rid of waste products from the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Endoplasmic Reticulum is like the backstage of a theater. It's where all of the important work happens - like organizing and preparing the actors for their performance.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory in the cell. The proteins that are made in the ribosomes are transported to the endoplasmic reticulum, where they are processed and folded into their correct shape.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The analogy should be between the golgi apparatus and a film processing lab. The film processing lab takes the negatives from the camera and develops them into positives that can be printed and shared with others. The golgi apparatus takes proteins from the cell's cytoplasm and modifies them, preparing them to be packaged into vesicles that will travel to other parts of the cell or even out of the cell.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The analogy of the Golgi apparatus is that it is like a post office. The golgi receives packages (molecules) from all over the cell, and then sends them off to their correct destinations.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from all over the cell, sorts them according to their destination, and sends them on their way.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a gatekeeper. It controls what goes in and out of the cell, similar to how a bouncer at a club decides who gets in and who doesn't. The plasma membrane is also responsible for maintaining the cell's internal environment, just like how insulation keeps your house warm in winter.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a soap bubble. Just like the bubble, the plasma membrane is a thin layer that surrounds and protects the cell. It is made up of two layers of phospholipids, which are similar to soap molecules. The phospholipids form a protective barrier around the cell and keep harmful substances from entering.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The plasma membrane is like a fence. It keeps things in (like blood cells) and keeps things out (like bacteria).	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like a recycling bin in your house. They are filled with enzymes that break down old or damaged cells, and recycle the materials into new cells.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like trash cans in your cells. The cell can put things it doesn't need anymore into the lysosome, and the lysosome will break them down so the cell can use their parts again.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	0
The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.Lysosomes are like the stomach of a cell. Just as your stomach breaks down food to extract energy and nutrients, lysosomes break down proteins, fats, and other molecules in order to recycle them and keep the cell healthy.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling plant in your town. They take all of the old, broken down materials and turn them into new products that can be used again.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like a recycling plant in your town. They take all of the recyclable materials (paper, plastic, glass) and break them down into smaller pieces that can be reused.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling plant of cells. Just as a recycling plant takes in old bottles and cans and turns them into new products, peroxisomes take in old proteins and fats and turn them into new materials for the cell.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The analogy of mitochondria is like a computer. The cells in our body are like the desktop and the mitochondria are like the processors or chips inside the computer. Just as a computer needs its processor to function, our cells need their mitochondria to function.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of cells. Just as a power plant provides electricity for an entire city, mitochondria provide energy for all the processes that occur in cells.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The mitochondria are the batteries of the cell. Just as a battery powers a light or toy, the mitochondria power the cell by producing energy.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A chloroplast is a bit like a plant's stomach. It helps the plant to digest food and turn it into energy.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A chloroplast can be thought of as a solar panel for a plant. Just like a solar panel converts sunlight into electrical energy, a chloroplast uses sunlight to produce food for the plant.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A chloroplast is like a green plant cell. Just as the cell contains all of the organelles necessary for life, the chloroplast contains all of the organelles necessary for photosynthesis. These organelles include thylakoids, which are stacks of membranous sacs that house the light-absorbing molecules called chlorophyll.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building under construction. The scaffolding holds up the walls and roof while the workers are putting up the bricks and mortar. In the same way, the cytoskeleton supports and organizes the cell's contents while it is growing and dividing.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cytoskeleton of a cell can be thought of as an elaborate scaffold or frame that supports and organizes the cell's contents. Just as a building needs a sturdy frame to support its walls and roof, cells need a cytoskeleton to maintain their shape and organize their internal components. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins called microfilaments, intermediate filaments, and microtubules. These proteins act like rebar in concrete, providing strength and stability to the cell.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to hold everything in place while it is being constructed, and then it can be taken down once the building is finished. The cytoskeleton does the same thing for cells: it helps to hold everything in place while the cell grows and divides, and then it can be taken down when the cell is done.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
ATP can be thought of as the fuel that powers our cells. It is produced by the mitochondria in the cell, and is used to create Adenosine DiPhosphate (ADP). ADP is then used to power reactions in the cell.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Atp is like the gasoline that powers a car. The car's engine needs gasoline to run, and atp is what the cells in your body need to run.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
ATP can be thought of as the "fuel" that powers muscles. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, our bodies need ATP to contract our muscles.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
NADPH is kind of like the "paint" that helps cells create new proteins. Just as you need different colors of paint to create a painting, cells need different types of NADPH to create new proteins.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
NADPH is like the paintbrush that a painter uses to create their masterpiece. It helps to bring color and life to all of the other molecules in the cell.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nadph is like the paint that an artist uses to create a masterpiece. The artist needs nadph to help them create their work of art, and without it, the painting would not be complete.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like tiny recycling plants inside of cells. They take old and damaged parts of the cell, break them down into their component molecules, and use those molecules to build new parts of the cell.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Peroxysomes are like tiny factories inside of cells. They produce important molecules that help the cell function.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A peroxysome is like a bouncy castle. It's a small, enclosed space where things can bounce around and have some fun.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouse" of the cell - they are responsible for producing energy in the form of ATP. Just as a power plant is responsible for supplying power to a city, the mitochondria are responsible for supplying energy to the cell.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Mytochondria can be compared to a symphony orchestra. Just as the different instruments in an orchestra must play together perfectly to create beautiful music, the different parts of the cell (including the mytochondria) must work together perfectly to create a healthy cell. If one part is not working properly, it can throw off the whole balance of the cell and lead to health problems.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Mytochondria can be compared to an orchestra. Just as the different instruments in an orchestra create a beautiful sound when played together, mytochondria produce energy for the cell by working together. The mitochondria are like the individual musicians in the orchestra, and they each have their own unique job to do in order to create energy for the cell.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces can be thought of as invisible strings that connect two objects. The strength of the force depends on how close the objects are to each other and on how strong the electric charges are. Like real strings, electric forces can cause things to move around or change shape.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Just as a magnet has two poles- a north pole and a south pole- an electric charge also has two poles: a positive pole and a negative pole. Like in the case of magnets, opposite charges attract each other while similar charges repel each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Magnets have two poles, a north pole and a south pole, and when you bring them close together the opposite poles attract each other while the same poles repell each other. Electric charges behave in a similar way: they have positive charges and negative charges, and when they get close to each other the opposite charges attract while the same charges repel.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The analogy for an electron orbital is a bucket that is being filled with water. The higher the level of the bucket, the more water it can hold. An electron orbital is similar in that it has a certain capacity and can only hold so many electrons.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Think of an orbital as a big, empty room. The electron is like a person who can walk around in the room. There are lots of different ways that the person can move around in the room, and each way is called an orbital.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital is a bit like being on a ferris wheel. You start at the bottom and slowly rise to the top, enjoying the view along the way. As you go around, your position changes constantly. This is just like an electron's orbital, which constantly shifts as it moves around the nucleus.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One might think of the body's first line of defense as a group of police officers standing guard in front of a building. They are the first people to encounter anyone who tries to enter the building, and they are prepared to stop them from getting inside.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The body's first line of defense is like a castle with a moat. The moat is full of water and alligators, which keep unwanted visitors from getting close to the castle.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One analogy for the first line of defense in the body could be that of a castle wall. Just as a castle wall protects the inhabitants within from potential invaders, so too does the skin protect our inner organs and tissues from bacteria, viruses, and other foreign entities. The skin is our body's first line of defense against infection and illness.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Macrophages are like janitors in the body. They clean up debris and help to keep everything running smoothly.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Macrophages can be likened to the police force of the body. They patrol and protect the body from invaders, such as bacteria and viruses.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Macrophages are like the security guard of your body. They patrol around looking for anything that doesn't belong, and when they find it, they destroy it.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A t-helper cell can be thought of as a key that unlocks the door to the immune system. The t-helper cell is responsible for activating other cells in the immune system that allow it to fight off infection or disease.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A t-helper cell is a bit like an orchestra conductor. It helps to organize and coordinate the other cells in the immune system so that they can work together to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
T-helper cells are the orchestra conductor. They direct the other immune cells in what to do and when to do it.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	0
A b-lymphocyte is like a bouncer at a nightclub. It's responsible for deciding which molecules can enter and exit the cell.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are like bouncers at a night club. They keep out people who don't belong and protect the other cells in the body from infection.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are like a group of soldiers in an army. They are responsible for defending the body against infection and disease.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
 cytotoxic t-lymphocytes are like snipers. They are very precise and can kill specific cells without harming the rest of the body.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as a guard dog. They are always on the lookout for anything that could harm the body, such as cancer cells or viruses. If they find something suspicious, they will attack and destroy it.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as "soldiers" of the immune system. They are able to identify and kill cells that are infected or cancerous, without causing damage to healthy cells. This is analogous to a soldier who is able to identify and kill enemy soldiers, without causing damage to innocent bystanders.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Invasion of bacteria can be thought of as an invasion of a foreign army. Just like in any war, there is strategy involved on both sides. The bacteria use various methods to invade and colonize the human body, while our immune system does its best to fight them off and keep us healthy.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think of the invasion of bacteria is as an all out assault on a fortress. The bacteria are like an army, storming the gates and seeking to take control of the stronghold. The immune system is like the defending soldiers, trying to repel the attack and keep the bacteria at bay.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One analogy for the invasion of bacteria could be a group of people trying to enter a building. The door is locked, but the people keep pushing and shoving until they manage to get in. Once inside, they spread out and take over the building.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Action potential can be thought of as waves that travel through a crowd of people. When the wave hits someone, they start to move and pass on the energy to the next person. This process repeats until the wave dissipates.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A musician is playing a note on her violin. She presses the string against the fingerboard, and this puts pressure on the string. The vibration of the string creates an air wave, which travels through the instrument to the player's ear. This wave vibrates the eardrum, causing it to move back and forth. The movement of the eardrum causes three tiny bones in our middle ear to vibrate, and these vibrations are sent along to our brain, where we perceive them as sound.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Action potential is like a wave of energy that travels down a guitar string. When you pluck the string, the energy travels down the string and causes it to vibrate. The vibrations create sound waves that travel through the air and enter your ear canal, where they are interpreted by your brain as music.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A painter wants to create a painting of a beautiful landscape. To begin, she gathers paints in different colors and mixes them together to create the perfect shade of green for the trees. She then starts painting, adding layer after layer of color to her canvas. Some parts of the painting are more green than others; this is because she applied more paint to those areas. If she wants to see how much green is in each part of the painting, she can use chromatography. This process involves separating the different colors in a mixture so that they can be analyzed individually. In the case of the painter's painting, this would mean dividing up the Painting into smaller sections and measuring how much green is in each one.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chromatography is like making a print of a photo. The different colors in the photo are like the different chemicals in the ink. The paper is like the chromatograph plate, and the water is like the solvent.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the different compounds in a mixture. The analogy I would use for this is like separating paint colors. If you have a bunch of tubes of different colored paints, and you want to mix them together to make a new color, chromatography can help you do that. You can put some of the mixed paint onto a piece of paper, then run it through a special machine that will pull the different colors apart. This leaves you with purer shades of each color than if you had just mixed them all together.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A star's lifespan can be thought of as how long it takes for a person to graduate college. A very young star, just starting out, is like a freshman in college. It has lots of energy and will live for a long time. A middle-aged star is like someone who has been in college for several years and is getting closer to graduation. It has less energy than a young star, but will still live for many billions of years. An old star is like someone who has already graduated from college and is no longer young. It doesn't have much energy left and will only live for a few billion more years.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A star's life can be thought of as a musician's career. A star spends most of its time in the main sequence, just like a musician spends most of their time playing concerts and making music. As a star ages, it moves farther away from the main sequence, just like a musician might move into more side projects or solo work as they get older. Eventually, both stars reach the end of their lives; the star explodes in a supernova, just like a musician might retire or die.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Stars on the main sequence are like a group of people who are just starting out in their careers. They're young and full of energy, and they have a long way to go before they reach the end of their lives.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nucleus is the center of an atom. It has a positive charge and contains protons and neutrons. It is surrounded by the electron cloud, which has a negative charge.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Nucleus is the central, most important part of something. It can be thought of as the "heart" of an organization or system. Just like our physical hearts pump blood through our bodies, the nucleus pumps information and instructions throughout the cell.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nucleus is the brain of a cell. Just like your brain controls everything you do, nucleus control all the activities of a cell.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the tiny factories in our cells that produce all of the proteins we need. Just as a factory has different parts that work together to create products, ribosomes have different parts that work together to create proteins.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like tiny construction workers that build the proteins in our cells. They work together to create a protein molecule, just as construction workers would build a house molecule by molecule.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like a pizza chef. The chef assembles the ingredients for the pizza—the dough, sauce, and cheese—and puts them in the oven to cook. The ribosomes do something similar with proteins: they assemble amino acids into proteins according to instructions from DNA.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a library. The books in the library are arranged on shelves, and each book has an assigned place. When someone wants to find a particular book, they can go to the shelf where it is supposed to be and get it out. The Golgi apparatus works in a similar way. Proteins that are made in the cells are sent to the Golgi apparatus, where they are sorted and put into packages called vesicles. The vesicles travel through the cell until they reach their destination, which may be another part of the cell or outside of the cell altogether.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a shipping and receiving department for the cell. The Golgi receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and then sends them out to other parts of the cell. It's a little bit like the post office - it takes letters that have been delivered to it and sorts them into different mailboxes based on their addresses.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a factory. It takes raw materials (such as proteins) and manufactures products (such as enzymes). The products are then packaged and sent to other parts of the cell, or even out of the cell altogether.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. Just as your stomach breaks down food to extract energy and nutrients, lysosomes break down cellular debris to extract energy and nutrients.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like tiny trash cans inside of cells. They digest old or damaged proteins and cell parts, breaking them down into their component molecules. This process is called degradation.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Lysosomes are like a garbage disposal in your kitchen sink. They are little organelles that digest old, damaged, or unused proteins and other cellular components. Just as you might put chicken bones and potato peels down the garbage disposal to get rid of them, lysosomes break down these materials inside the cell.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a sheath or membrane that surrounds the nucleus. It is made up of two membranes, called the nuclear lamina and the nuclear pore complex. The nuclear lamina helps to support and stabilize the nucleus, while the nuclear pore complex allows substances to move in and out of the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The nuclear envelope is a bit like the skin of an apple. It surrounds and protects the nucleus, just as your skin protects your internal organs.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a kind of skin that surrounds the nucleus. Just like our skin protects our internal organs, the nuclear envelope helps protect the nucleus from outside damage. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes: an inner membrane and an outer membrane. The inner membrane is attached to the DNA in the nucleus, while the outer membrane is attached to the cytoplasm.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is like a room in a house. It's empty and has no furniture, but it's a place where you can go to be alone or with other people.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is like a room in a house. The room is empty, but it can be filled with things to make it useful.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is like a tiny room in your house. It's a small space where you can put things to store them away.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cytoplasm of a cell is like the paint inside a tube of paint. It's the liquid that holds everything together and it can be mixed with other colors to create new ones.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "paint" that colors and fills the cells of an organism. Just like an artist needs paint to create a work of art, the cells of an organism need cytoplasm to function. Cytoplasm is made up of proteins, minerals, and other molecules that are essential for life.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cytoplasm can be thought of as a musician's orchestra pit. Just as the musicians in the orchestra pit play together to create beautiful music, the proteins and other molecules in the cytoplasm work together to create life.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chromosomes are like pieces of thread that weave together to form a tapestry. They can be seen as individual threads, but when viewed from a distance they create a larger picture. In the same way, chromosomes may seem small and unimportant when considered on their own, but when grouped together they make up the genetic blueprint for an organism.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chromosomes are like a shoebox full of photos. Each photo is a snapshot of a moment in time and the shoebox contains all the photos taken of one person throughout their life. Chromosomes are like that because they store all the genetic information for an individual from conception to death.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chromosomes are like books in a library. They contain all of the genetic information needed to create and run a cell.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cytosol is like a bustling city street, full of people and traffic. The cells are like the buildings in the city, and the organelles are like the rooms inside the buildings. The cytosol is where all the action happens - it's where proteins are synthesized, enzymes are activated, and molecules are transported around.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cytosol is like a soup. It contains all of the ingredients that are necessary for the cell to function. The proteins, lipids, and carbohydrates are all dissolved in the watery cytosol.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cytosol is like a large, empty theatre. The cells that live in the theatre are the actors and actresses, and they use the cytosol to perform their duties. The cytoskeleton is like the stage curtains, and it helps to support and organise the cells. The proteins in the cytosol are like the props that the actors use to create their performances.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a small, autonomous city. Just as in a real city, cells have different functions depending on their location and role within the larger organism. Cells also interact with each other to create a functioning whole.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a small factory. It takes in raw materials, processes them, and produces something new.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a small room. It has a door that can be opened and closed, and it has walls that can be decorated with pictures or posters. The cell has a bed in it where the person can sleep, and there is also a chair so the person can sit down. There is a window in the cell so the person can see outside, and there is also a light so the person can see inside.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small balloon. The balloon can be filled with different kinds of liquids, like water or paint. When the balloon is filled with a liquid, it is called a vesicle.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vesicle is like a tiny bag or balloon. It is made of thin, flexible material and can hold a small amount of liquid or gas.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
I would compare vesicles to bubbles. They are both small, round and filled with something that gives them their shape and makes them unique.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell wall is like the frame of a house. It helps to support and protect the cells inside.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cell wall is like the frame of a house. The cell membrane is like the walls and roof of the house. The cytoplasm is like the inside of the house.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cell wall is like the frame of a house. It provides support for the rest of the structure and keeps everything together.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cells are the building blocks of life. Just as an artist might use a variety of colors to create a painting, cells use different molecules to create functional proteins and structures. Some cells specialize in certain tasks, just as an artist might focus on painting portraits or landscapes.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cells are like the pixels on a computer screen. Just as each pixel can be individually controlled to create an image, each cell in your body can be individually controlled to carry out its specific function.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Cells are like a theater. The cell wall is the stage, the nucleus is the director's box, and the cytoplasm is the audience.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cell membrane is like a stained glass window. It lets some things in and keeps other things out.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The cell membrane is like a castle wall. The cells are inside the castle and the castle wall protects them from outside invaders (such as bacteria). The cell membrane also controls what goes in and out of the cells, just like a real wall controls who can come into and leave the castle.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Think of the cell membrane as a brick wall. The bricks are the cells and the mortar is the cell membrane. Just like you can see through a brick wall if there's a hole in it, you can see through the cell membrane if there's a hole in it.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi body can be thought of as the postal service of the cell. It takes letters (proteins) from one part of the cell and delivers them to other parts.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A golgi body is a bit like an artist's workshop. The artist might start by sketching out a rough idea of what they want to create on a piece of paper. Next, the artist would use different coloured paints and brushes to create a more detailed picture. Finally, they might add some finishing touches like glitter or gold leaf. In the same way, the golgi body takes proteins that have been created in the ribosomes and processes them into new molecules that can be used by the cell. It also adds labels to these molecules so that they can be identified and shipped off to where they're needed.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The golgi body can be likened to an office worker who receives a stack of papers from the secretary, reads them, and then distributes them to the appropriate people in the office. The golgi body receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and sends them off to their final destination.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Think of capacitance as a container for holding energy. Just like you can store water in a bucket or a bathtub, you can store electricity in a capacitor. The more water (or electricity) you have, the higher the capacitance.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A capacitor is like a water tank. It can hold a certain amount of water (charge) and it takes time to fill up the tank (charging). Once the tank is full, it can't hold anymore water no matter how much you try (discharging).	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A capacitor is like a container of water. If you have two containers of water, one with a small hole in the bottom and one without a hole, which container will hold more water? The container with the smaller hole will hold more water. This is because the water can flow into and out of the container easier through the smaller hole. A capacitor is similar because it has two plates (electrodes) with an electric field between them. The electric field creates an area where electrons can't move freely, so it's like having a small hole in the top of the container. This limits how many electrons can flow in and out of the capacitor at any given time, and this is what causes capacitance to increase.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric current can be thought of as flowing water. Just like water flows downhill and from high to low pressure, electric current flows from high voltage to low voltage. Electric current is also affected by obstacles in its path, just as a stream of water will flow around rocks or other obstructions in its way.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity. Just as a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage. The width (amperage) of the river corresponds to the amount of electricity flowing through it at any given moment.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electric current is like a flow of water. Just as water flows downhill, electric current flows from high voltage to low voltage. The rate of flow (current) depends on the size of the pipe (voltage) and the amount of water flowing through it.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The voltage is like the water pressure in a hose. It's what makes the water flow.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Voltage is a bit like water pressure. Just as higher water pressure can push water through narrower pipes more easily, a higher voltage can push electricity through thinner wires more easily.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Voltage is a lot like water pressure. Just as water pressure can move large amounts of water through a hose or pipe, voltage can push large amounts of electricity through wires.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a small city. The cells in your body are specialized to do different things- some make energy, some fight infection, and others help you think. Just like people in a city have different jobs, the cells in your body have specific functions that they perform. Cells communicate with each other using chemical signals to coordinate their activities.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a theatre production. The different specializations within the cell (e.g., actors, directors, set designers) communicate with each other to create a unified performance. The director tells the actors what to do and how to do it, while the set designer creates the scenery and decides where everything goes. Meanwhile, the lighting technician makes sure that everything looks good on stage. Each person's role is important for putting on a successful show.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think of the specialization and communication within cells is to imagine an art studio. In this analogy, the cell is the artist, and specialized parts of the cell are like different tools that the artist might use while creating a work of art. Just as an artist needs to be able to communicate with other people in order to get their ideas across, cells need to be able to communicate with one another in order for all of the cells' functions to work together properly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Imagine you are at a party. There are lots of people and they are all talking loudly. You can't hear anyone properly, so you walk around the room to get closer to them. As you move closer, you can hear them better. The same principle applies to electricity - as voltage (the pressure of the electricity) increases, it becomes easier for electrons (the tiny particles that carry electricity) to flow through a circuit, allowing more current (the amount of electrical charge passing through a point in a given time) to flow.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Kirchoff's voltage law can be explained using an analogy involving a group of people. Imagine that you are standing in the middle of a large group of people. If you want to know which way is north, you can look at the direction that most people are facing. In the same way, if you want to find out which way is positive voltage, you can look at the direction that most electrons are flowing.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An analogy for Kirchoff's Voltage Law is a group of people standing in a circle. The person in the middle has a bunch of balloons. She hands one to each person around the circle, telling them not to let go of their balloon. The goal is to keep the balloon as close to the center as possible. If one person moves too far away from the center, their balloon will fly away.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A density wave can be thought of as a group of people moving together in one direction through a crowd. The people at the front of the wave move quickly, while those at the back move more slowly. This analogy can be used to help students understand how waves work and why they are important in both art and science.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A density wave can be thought of as a group of people who are all moving at the same speed in the same direction. The closer together the people are, the higher their density.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A density wave is a bit like a group of people walking together in an orderly fashion. The people are all close together and they are moving in the same direction.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like workers in a factory. They are responsible for producing the product that the factory produces.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think of enzymes is as the "workers" of the body. Enzymes are responsible for a wide variety of biochemical processes, including digestion, energy production, and cell repair. Just as a construction crew needs tools to do their job, enzymes need specific molecules (called substrates) to carry out their tasks.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help to chemical reactions happen in the body. Just as a machine needs oil to work properly, enzymes need a specific substance called a cofactor to help them do their job.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The human active memory system is like a library. The library has many different rooms, and each room is filled with different books. To find a specific book, you have to know which room it is in, and then you have to know which shelf it is on. The same thing is true for memories: You have to know where they are stored in your brain, and you have to know what path you need to take to get there.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The human active memory system can be likened to a library. The library contains all of the books that have been published, and it is constantly being updated as new books are added. In the same way, our memories contain all of the information that we have ever encountered, and it is constantly being updated as new information is learned.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The human active memory system is a bit like an Etch-A-Sketch. We can constantly be adding new things to our memory, and we can also keep revisiting old memories to change or edit them as we please. Just like with an Etch-A-Sketch, the more we use our memory, the more smoothly it will work.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the process. The analogy would be like trying to run a race while carrying a heavy backpack. The backpack will make it harder to move quickly and win the race.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step. This analogy would be like someone trying to run across a field while being chased by a bear. The person is running as fast as they can, but the bear is slowly catching up to them. The bear is the rate-determining step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think about the rate-determining step of a reaction is as if it's the "key" that unlocks the rest of the reaction. Just like when you're trying to open a door, you need to use the right key (the keyhole is shaped specifically for that key), in order for the door to unlock, each step in a chemical reaction must have its own specific "key." The rate-determining step is then the key that takes longest to swing into place and start unlocking everything else.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Column chromatography is like sorting through a pile of mixed up colored pencils to find the green one. The artist first separates all of the colors into piles and then starts looking through each pile for the green one. Column chromatography does the same thing with molecules; it separates them into different groups based on their size and chemical properties.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Column chromatography is like a high-school dance. The different 'classes' of people (chemicals) are lined up at one end of the room and as the music plays, they walk down the line towards the other end. At the other end, there are different 'clubs' (the different compounds that you're trying to separate). As each person reaches the club they want to go to, they start dancing. When it's time for them to leave, they say goodbye and head back to their original spot in line.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Column chromatography is a bit like separating paint colours in an art class. You have a jar of coloured paints and you want to divide them into several smaller containers. To do this, you pour some of the paint into a small container and then mix it around with a brush. You keep doing this until all the paint is in the small container. Then you repeat the process with each of the other colours. This is basically what column chromatography does – it separates different substances by size and weight	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is a bit like a dance party. Just as people are constantly moving around the room, atoms and molecules are constantly moving around in chemical reactions. However, at any given time, most of the people in the room are just standing there, not dancing. Likewise, most of the atoms and molecules in a chemical reaction are not participating in the reaction; they're just sitting there waiting for their turn to get involved. When you have a lot of people at a party who aren't dancing, it's hard to tell what's going on (just like when you have a lot of inactive atoms and molecules in a chemical reaction). But if you look closely enough, you can see that everyone is still moving around even though they're not all doing the same thing.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium can be compared to a group of people in a room. Each person is talking and shouting over the others, creating a lot of noise. However, as time goes on, people will start to quiet down until eventually there is only one or two people speaking. This represents dynamic chemical equilibrium because the molecules are constantly interacting with each other until they eventually reach equilibrium.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a dance. The dancers start out in one place, and then they move around the room. They keep moving until they find a spot where they are comfortable.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a large container that holds things in reserve. It is like a warehouse where goods are stored until they are needed. In the same way, the vacuole stores nutrients, water and other essential materials for the cell.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is similar to an artist's canvas. Just as the artist can use their canvas to create a work of art, the cell uses the vacuole to store and process materials.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole can be thought of as a large container that is used to store things. It is similar to a large jar or bucket.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Think of transport vesicles as small, private buses that carry important cargo between different parts of the city. The buses are very efficient at getting their passengers to their destinations quickly and without any hassle. Similarly, transport vesicles play an important role in transporting material (like proteins) quickly and efficiently between different parts of a cell.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Imagine that you are a musician and need to transport your music equipment from one place to another. You could carry all of your equipment in your arms, but it would be very heavy and difficult to move around. A better solution would be to put all of your equipment into a large bag or case. This way, you can easily carry the equipment with you wherever you go. Transport vesicles work in a similar way. They are small bags that hold molecules or proteins which need to be transported from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Can you think of a way to explain transport vesicles using an analogy?Here's one possible analogy: Transport vesicles are like tiny cargo ships that carry important materials (like proteins) from one part of the cell to another. The cells use these tiny cargo ships to make sure that the right materials end up in the right place at the right time.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the blueprints for a building. They tell the cells how to grow and divide. If something goes wrong with one of these genes, it can cause the cell to grow out of control and become cancerous.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes can be thought of as musical instruments. Just like an instrument needs to be played in the right way by a musician, proto-oncogenes need to be "played" by proteins called tumor suppressors in order to keep cells healthy. When they are not playing their usual role, proto-oncogenes can become cancerous.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the blueprints for a house. They tell the cells how to grow and divide, and they also help to keep the cells healthy. Sometimes, something goes wrong with the proto-oncogenes and they start telling the cells to grow out of control. This is what leads to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cancer-causing gene can be thought of as a kind of like a virus. Just as a virus can insert its own genetic code into the cells it infects, oncogenes can do the same thing to tumor cells, causing them to grow and divide out of control.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Oncogenes are like musical notes. Just as musical notes can be combined to create beautiful melodies, oncogenes can be combined to create powerful cancer-causing molecules.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Oncogenes are like cancer-causing genes. They can turn normal cells into cancer cells.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If you think of your cells as being like cars, then the tumor suppressor genes would be the brakes. They're responsible for keeping cell growth in check and preventing tumors from forming.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Tumor suppressor genes can be thought of as the brakes on a car. They work to stop tumors from growing and spreading by preventing cells from dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think of tumor suppressor genes is as brakes on the cell cycle. Just as a car needs brakes to keep it from speeding out of control, cells need tumor suppressor genes to keep them from dividing too rapidly and becoming cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If you were to break a piece of brittle software, it would be very easy to do. The software might snap into two pieces with just a little pressure, and once it's broken, it's likely that the pieces won't fit back together again. This is because brittle software is not well-made; it doesn't have much flexibility or resilience. In other words, it's easy to damage and difficult to fix.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If you've ever tried to make a paper snowflake, you know that the end result is always delicate and fragile. You can't just crumple it up into a ball and expect it to look the same as when you started. The same goes for software - if it's not built well, it will be prone to breaking easily.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Brittle software is like a ceramic vase. It looks strong and sturdy, but it's actually quite fragile. If you drop it or hit it too hard, it will shatter into pieces.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Resonance hybrid is a bit like putting together a jigsaw puzzle. You have all the different pieces (atomic orbitals) and you try to fit them together in the most efficient way possible. Sometimes, there are several ways to put the pieces together and they will all give you the same result. That's resonance.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A resonance hybrid is a lot like an orchestra. Each atom in the molecule is like a different musician, playing its own note (or frequency). When all of the notes are played together, they create a beautiful chord or resonance.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Resonance hybrid is a bit like when an opera singer sings loudly and hits a high note - all of the sound waves in the room start to vibrate at the same frequency as the opera singer's voice. This creates a really loud noise that can be heard throughout the whole room. In much the same way, resonance hybrid occurs when all of the electrons in an atom or molecule start to vibrate at the same frequency. This makes it possible for them to share energy more easily and create a really strong force between them.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a very large and complex jigsaw puzzle. Every piece in the puzzle represents a particle in the system. The pieces are all different shapes and sizes, and they fit together in a variety of ways. When you put the puzzle together, it forms a picture or representation of the system.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A wave mechanical model is like a group of people walking in line. If one person steps out of line, the rest of the group will follow. This is because they are all connected to each other.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A wave is like a crowd of people walking across a bridge. The people on the front of the crowd are moving quickly, while the people at the back are moving more slowly. In between, everyone is moving at an average speed. This analogy can be used to describe how waves work: -The particles in a wave (e.g. people in our analogy) move up and down together. This is called compression.-The distance between each particle (or person) remains constant as the wave travels forwards).This is called wavelength. -The amount of time it takes for a particle/person to go from its highest point to its lowest point again is called frequency	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An electroencephalogram is a bit like an EKG, which records the electrical activity of your heart. Just as an EKG measures the rate and regularity of your heartbeat, an EEG measures the rate and regularity of your brain waves.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Like waves crashing on the shore, electrical signals flow through the brain in a seemingly random pattern. This activity can be monitored and measured by an electroencephalogram (EEG), which records the intensity, frequency and location of these waves.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The analogy of an EEG is like a group of people chatting in a room. If one person starts talking louder, the rest of the group will pick up on this and start speaking louder as well. This is essentially what happens with an EEG - if there is increased electrical activity in one area of the brain, it will be picked up by the electrodes and shown as spikes on the graph.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication can be likened to the production of a copy of an original painting. The DNA molecule is like the canvas, while the gene codes are like the individual brushstrokes that make up the painting. During replication, each strand of DNA serves as a template for synthesis of a new complementary strand.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a painting. The artist has a blank canvas and some paint to start with. They create the outline of the painting by dabbing the paint onto the canvas in certain areas. Once they have created the outline, they then fill in the details of the painting by adding more paint to specific areas.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication is a bit like making a photocopy of a photograph. The DNA molecule is the original photo, and the copies made during replication are the photocopies. Just as with normal photocopies, each copy will be slightly different from the original, although they all contain the same information.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
RNA transcription is like a play. The playwright is the one who comes up with the story, and the actors are the ones who perform it. The director helps make sure everything runs smoothly, and the props department provides any necessary set pieces or costumes.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
RNA transcription is a bit like a musician reading from sheet music. The musician follows the notes on the page to create beautiful music. In the same way, RNA transcripts follow the instructions in DNA to create proteins.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
RNA transcription can be thought of as a play. The script is the DNA, and the actors are the proteins that carry out the instructions in the script. During transcription, one actor reads from the script while other actors listen and follow along.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Protein translation is a bit like creating a quilt. The design for the quilt is drawn on paper, and then each individual piece of fabric is cut to size and sewn together according to the plan. In the same way, the genetic code written in DNA is like the design for a quilt, and the sequence of codons (the “letters” that make up DNA) are like the individual pieces of fabric. During protein synthesis, proteins are assembled one amino acid at a time, just as fabrics are stitched together to create a quilt.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The translation of a protein is a bit like writing a story. The DNA code is like the outline for the story, and the proteins are the actual words that are written. Just as different writers can produce different stories using the same outline, different cells can produce different proteins from the same DNA code.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Protein translation can be thought of as an orchestra. The genetic code is the sheet music, and each protein is a musical note. Ribosomes are the conductors, and they follow the instructions in the genetic code to create proteins.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The ecosystem can be thought of as an orchestra. The different members of the orchestra (in this analogy, the plants and animals) work together to create a harmonious whole. If one member is out of tune or missing entirely, the music will not sound right.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The ecosystem can be thought of as an interconnected group of artists, each with their own unique talents and styles. Just as in nature, where different species of animals work together to create a balanced and thriving environment, the artists in this analogy must cooperate and collaborate in order to create something beautiful and meaningful.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The ecosystem can be thought of as a huge, elaborate machine. The sun is the engine that powers the machine, and all of the creatures within it are its parts. The plants are the filters that clean the air, and the animals are the recyclers who eat the plants and then poop out their waste products so that new plants can grow. It's a delicate balance, and if one part of the machine stops working, it can throw off the entire system.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron is similar to the way in which a message is transmitted through a telephone line. When you make a phone call, your voice travels down the telephone line as an electrical signal. This signal is picked up by the earpiece of the person you are calling and turned back into sound waves that they can hear. The action potentials travelling down the neuron work in a very similar way - they create an electrical current that passes from one end of the neuron to the other.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
When you clap your hands, the energy travels from your hands, up your arms and through your body until it reaches your brain. This is similar to how an action potential travels down a neuron. The action potential starts at the synapse and travels down the axon to the end of the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An action potential is like a wave of energy that travels down a neuron. It can be thought of as an energy pulse that starts at the neuron's "head" and moves down its length. This wave of energy triggers molecules called neurotransmitters to release chemicals into the gap between neurons (the synapse). These neurotransmitters cross the synapse and attach to receptor sites on the next neuron, starting another action potential.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Frogs breathe in a way that is similar to how we humans drink. They suck in air through their nostrils, and the air goes down their throat and into their lungs. Frogs can hold their breath for a long time by closing off the entrance to their windpipe with a special muscle called the glottis.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Breathing mechanism of frogs can be explained using an analogy of a vacuum cleaner. Just like the vacuum cleaner sucks in dirt and dust from the floor, frog's lungs suck in oxygen from the air. Frogs also release carbon dioxide back into the atmosphere in a process similar to how the vacuum cleaner releases dirt and dust back onto the floor.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Frogs breathe through their skin. This is similar to how humans breath when we are underwater. We use our lungs to fill up with air, and then let the air out slowly so that it fills our entire body. Frogs do something similar, but they use their skin to take in oxygen from the water and release carbon dioxide back into the water.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cake is a good analogy for layered architecture. The cake has different layers, each of which is made up of different ingredients. When you eat the cake, you can taste all of the different layers. The same is true for layered architecture. Each layer in the architecture contains different components, and together they create a complete system.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A layered architecture can be likened to the different layers of paint that an artist might use to create a painting. The first layer is the background, followed by one or more layers of detail. In a similar way, the first layer in a layered architecture is the foundation, followed by one or more layers of functionality.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A layered architecture can be thought of as an onion. There are many layers to an onion, and each layer is slightly different from the next. The outermost layer is the skin, followed by the flesh, then the inner core. Each layer has a unique purpose and function.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A guitar has six strings. If you want to make music with the guitar, you need to use all of the strings. You can't just use one or two strings and expect to make music. Similarly, in a chemical reaction, if you only have a limited amount of one reactant, then you need to use all of it in order for the reaction to take place.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A cake recipe may call for two cups of sugar and one cup of butter. If a baker only has one and a half cups of sugar, they will need to use less butter or find another recipe. The sugar is the limiting reactant because the baker cannot make more than two cups worth of cake with the available ingredients. The butter is in excess because the baker could add more without changing the outcome of the reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think of a limiting reactant is as the "starving actor" in a play. Just as the actor can only do so much with his or her limited energy, the reactant can only do so much with its limited quantity. In contrast, the excess reactant is like the "overfed actor": it has plenty of energy and can keep going for quite a while.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Eukaryotic cells can be thought of as large, elaborate mansions. Each room in the mansion is filled with different furniture and appliances, each serving a specific purpose. The walls are made up of sturdy materials that protect those inside from the outside world. The roof keeps out the rain and snow, while the windows allow light and fresh air to enter. Likewise, eukaryotic cells have specialized structures called organelles that carry out specific functions like digestion or energy production. The cell membrane acts as a wall that separates the inside of the cell from the outside environment, while proteins embedded in it control what enters and leaves.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The eukaryotic cell can be thought of as a large and complex mansion, while the prokaryotic cells can be thought of as small, simple houses. The eukaryotic cell has many more rooms (genes) and is much more complex than the prokaryotic cells. It also has a central control room (the nucleus) where important decisions about the cell's activities are made.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The eukaryotic cell can be thought of as a large and complex office building. The nucleus is the boss or head of the company, while the mitochondria are the workers who carry out all the essential tasks required to keep the building running. The cytoplasm is like the reception area, where people come in and out, and the plasma membrane is like the security guard who watches over everything.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, independent country. It has its own president (the bacterial nucleoid), its own parliament (the ribosomes), and even its own currency (the amino acids). It can survive on its own, without help from other cells.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, independent town. The town has all the basic needs—a grocery store, post office, gas station, etc.—and it runs on its own without any help from the government or big corporations.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, independent town. The town has its own mayor, police department, and other necessary departments to function properly. The cells also have their own DNA (the genetic code for the town) and ribosomes (the factories that make proteins).	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The kernel of an operating system is like the engine of a car. It's what makes everything work, and it's responsible for managing all of the different parts of the system.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An operating system kernel can be thought of as the brain or central nervous system of a computer. Just as our brains control all the activities of our bodies, the kernel controls all the activities of a computer. It manages memory, handles input and output, starts and stops programs, etc.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The operating system kernel can be thought of as the traffic controller for a city. The kernel is responsible for managing all of the resources of the computer, such as memory, disk space, and network connections. It also handles communication between software applications and the hardware components of the computer. Just like a traffic controller must keep track of all the cars on the road and make sure that they are moving safely and efficiently through the city, the kernel must manage all of the tasks running on the computer and ensure that they are using resources properly.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think of a limiting reactant is as the "fuel" that powers a reaction. Just as an engine needs a certain amount of fuel in order to run, so too does a chemical reaction require a certain amount of limiting reactant in order to proceed. If there isn't enough limiting reactant available, the reaction will stop before it can finish.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A pencil is a good analogy for a limiting reactant. If you have one pencil and six people who want to write, the pencil will be used up very quickly. In the same way, if you have one gram of potassium permanganate (a chemical) and four grams of iron filings (another chemical), the potassium permanganate will be used up very quickly because it is the limiting reactant.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If you are baking a cake and run out of sugar, the cake will not be very sweet. The sugar is the limiting reactant because it limits how much sweetness the cake can have.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
 helicase is like a machine that unwinds the twisted thread on a spool of yarn. It uses energy to separate the strands of DNA so they can be copied.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Imagine you are a musician. You want to play a song, but the sheet music is all crumpled up. To play the song, you need to first smooth out the music so that it's easy to read. That's what helicase does for DNA - it smoothes out the wrinkles in the genetic code so that it can be easily read by proteins.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A helicase is like a little robot that walks around on DNA, opening up the double helix and allowing other molecules to get in and do their jobs.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold a picture frame to the wall. The DNA is the picture, and the binding proteins are what keep it in place.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold a frame together. The frame is the DNA, and the nails are the replication binding proteins.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold a picture frame to the wall. The proteins attach to the DNA and keep it in place while it is being copied.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ligase can be thought of as a kind of “glue” that helps to bind together two DNA strands. Just as glue can help to stick together pieces of paper or fabric, ligase helps to bind together the two DNA strands. This is an important process, since it helps to ensure that the genetic information in DNA is accurately copied from one generation to the next.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ligase can be thought of as a kind of “glue” that helps to hold together pieces of DNA. Just like regular glue can help to stick two pieces of paper together, ligase can help to keep two strands of DNA together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An analogy for ligase could be a group of people who are all connected by ropes. Each person is holding the rope that is connecting them to the next person. If one person lets go of their rope, then the whole chain falls apart. Ligase is like the glue that keeps everything together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A process control block (PCB) is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe includes the ingredients and the steps needed to make the cake. The PCB includes information about the process, such as the temperature and pressure required, and the steps needed to control it.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A process control block, or PCB, can be thought of as a recipe for a dish. The recipe includes all the ingredients and instructions necessary to make the dish. A PCB contains information about the state of a process, such as the current value of variables and the last time data was updated. This information is used by controllers to ensure that processes run smoothly and produce consistent results.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A control block is like the director of a play. The director controls what happens on stage, ensuring that the actors stay in character and follow the script. In the same way, a control block oversees all aspects of a process, ensuring that it runs smoothly and produces the desired results.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Message encoding is like translating a message from one language to another. You are taking the original words and turning them into a new form that can be understood by someone who doesn't know the original language.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Message encoding is like translating a text from one language to another. You are essentially taking all of the words and symbols in the original text and creating a new set of words and symbols that will be understood by someone else who speaks the target language.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Encoding a message is like wrapping a present. You need to choose the right material and use enough of it so that the present stays wrapped and looks nice. The same is true for encoding a message - you need to choose the right encoding scheme and use enough bits so that the message remains confidential and looks nice.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The drugs are like keys, and the receptor sites are like locks. The drug can only unlock the receptor site if it is a perfect fit.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Drugs can be thought of as keys, and receptor sites are locks. The drug fits into the lock and signals the cell to do something.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Drugs and receptor sites are like pieces in a jigsaw puzzle. They fit together perfectly, and when they do, the drug can have its desired effect on the body.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like a television screen. It displays images that have been sent to it by a device, such as a computer or video game console.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like a movie screen. It displays what is happening on your computer.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like a movie screen. It displays what is happening on your computer.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A CPU is like a conductor in an orchestra. The conductor tells the musicians when to play and how loudly to play. The CPU tells the different parts of the computer what to do and how fast to do it.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The CPU is like an orchestra conductor. The conductor tells all of the musicians when to start, stop, and change notes. The CPU does the same for all of the computer's components-telling them when to start, stop, and change operations.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The CPU is like an orchestra conductor. The conductor sets the tempo and ensures that all of the instruments are playing together correctly. In a similar way, the CPU controls the speed and operation of all of the computer's components.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A motherboard could be thought of as the frame of a house. It provides a sturdy base for everything else that goes into the home, from the walls and roof to the plumbing and electricity. In much the same way, a motherboard is the foundation of a computer system. It contains all of the circuitry that allows different parts of the system to communicate with each other, as well as slots and connectors for adding more components.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the skeleton or frame of a house. It provides the structure that everything else is attached to. In the same way, a motherboard provides the structure for a computer, connecting all of the different parts and allowing them to work together.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the skeleton upon which all other features and components of a computer are attached. It is essentially a large, flat circuit board that houses the CPU, main memory, expansion slots for additional devices, and connectors for hard drives, optical drives, and other peripherals.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ramming your car into a concrete wall is like using all of your computer's memory to store one big picture. The more ram you have, the bigger picture you can store.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ramming your head against a wall is like using your computer's Random Access Memory (RAM). RAM is a short-term memory used by your computer to store data that is currently being processed. When you "ram" your head against the wall, you are pushing all of the information in your short-term memory into long-term storage.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ramming your car into another car is a lot like running out of memory on your computer. When your computer runs out of memory, it has to start deleting information from its RAM in order to make room for new data. This can cause your computer to run slowly or even crash. The same thing happens when you ram your car into another car - you're essentially smashing the information stored in that other car's RAM into oblivion.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as an orchestra conductor. Just as the conductor directs the flow of music and sets the tempo, a power supply unit directs the flow of electricity and sets the speed at which it travels.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a battery charger for your smartphone. Just like you need to charge your phone's battery every day, your PC also needs an ongoing supply of electricity to function properly. The PSU provides that power and ensures that it is delivered in a consistent, reliable way.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a large bucket with a spout. The bucket holds water which is released slowly through the spout, providing a consistent flow of water. A power supply unit works in a similar way, providing a steady stream of electricity to your devices.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A keyboard is like a piano. Just as each key on a piano corresponds to a different note, each key on a keyboard corresponds to a letter or number.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Keys on a keyboard are like notes on a staff. Just as each note has a letter name, each key has its own unique letter name. When you press down on a key, it sends an electronic signal to your computer that tells it which note to play.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A keyboard is like a piano. They both have black and white keys, and they are both used to create music.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Mouse is to computer as paintbrush is to canvas. The mouse is the tool that allows you to interact with what's on the screen, just like the paintbrush is the tool that lets you create art on the canvas.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A mouse is like a tiny, furry cat that helps you work on your computer.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A mouse is a small rodent that is closely related to the rat. They are typically used as pets, or in laboratories for research purposes. Mice have very poor eyesight, but they make up for it with an extremely strong sense of smell and hearing.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	0
An audio card can be thought of as an artist's canvas. Just as an artist can use a variety of colors and techniques to create a unique work of art, an audio card can be used to create different sound effects using various software programs.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An audio card can be thought of as a musician's sheet music. Just as musicians need sheet music to play their instruments, computers need audio cards to play back sound files. Audio cards help translate digital information into sounds that we can hear.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An audio card can be thought of as an artist's palette. Just like an artist needs a variety of colors to create a painting, an audio card needs different sound frequencies to create a realistic sounding song or movie soundtrack.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A video card can be thought of as an artist's canvas. Just as an artist uses a canvas to create their art, a video card uses its memory and processing power to create images on your computer screen.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A video card can be thought of as a painter's palette. Just as a painter uses different colors on their palette to create a painting, a computer uses different colors (or pixels) on the screen to create an image. The video card is responsible for supplying those colors to the monitor.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A video card is similar to a painter's canvas. The video card is the surface on which the image is displayed, and the graphics processor is like the paint that creates the image.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The tree's age calculation is like a human's age calculation. Just as humans are measured in years old, trees are measured in rings old. Tree rings form every year and can be counted to determine the tree's age.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A tree's age calculation is like a human's age calculation. Just as humans are counted from the time they were born, trees are counted from the time their seed germinates.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Tree's age calculation is similar to how an artist calculates the age of a painting. Just like trees add rings each year, artists add layers of paint to their paintings. By counting the number of layers in a painting, you can calculate how old it is.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Glycolysis is like making a pot of soup. You start with some raw ingredients (like vegetables and broth) and put them in a pot on the stove. Then you turn on the heat and wait for the soup to cook. As it cooks, the ingredients transform into something new and different (a hot, delicious bowl of soup). Glycolysis is similar – it takes glucose (a raw ingredient) and transforms it into something new and different (pyruvate, which is used by cells for energy).	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Glycolysis can be thought of as the process of making a cake. Sugar is like glucose, flour is like glycogen, eggs are like pyruvate, and butter and milk are like lactate. The sugar is mixed with flour, eggs, and butter or milk to make a batter. This batter is then cooked in an oven to create a cake. During baking, the sugar caramelizes, the gluten in the flour forms networks that hold water and gas (carbon dioxide), and the egg proteins denature into solid masses. These reactions all occur during glycolysis	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Glycolysis is like a factory that takes in raw materials and produces products. The raw material in glycolysis is glucose, and the product is ATP. In the factory, workers break down the glucose into smaller pieces, and these pieces are then used to make ATP.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Anti-stokes scattering is a little like the sound of clapping. When you clap your hands, the sound waves spread out in all directions. Some of these waves will hit your ears and be heard as sound. Other waves will travel off into the distance and eventually disappear. The same thing happens with light: when it's emitted from a source, some of the light travels in every direction. Some of this light will reach our eyes and we'll see it as illumination. Other light will go off into the distance and eventually fade away.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One possible analogy for how anti-stokes scattering works is to imagine a room full of bouncing balls. If someone stands in the middle of the room and starts bouncing a ball off the floor, then other balls in the room will start bouncing too. This is because the energy from the first ball is causing all of the other balls to bounce around as well. However, if someone were to stand in the middle of the room and start catching balls, then eventually all of the other balls would stop bouncing. This is because once all of the energy has been absorbed by catching balls, there is no longer any energy left to cause them to bounce around. In much the same way, when light encounters an atom that has been excited by absorbing energy (the person standing in the middle of the room), it can cause neighboring atoms to become excited and start emitting light themselves (the other nearby balls). However, if all of those neighboring atoms have already been excited (by absorbing energy from another source), then they will not be able to emit any more light themselves and will instead simply absorb any incoming light (catching balls).	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The scattering of light is similar to the scattering of sand particles in water. When the sun shines on the water, some of the light is reflected off the surface and some is scattered by the sand particles. The scattered light creates a diffuse glow that extends out from the point where it was originally emitted.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Stokes scattering is a bit like light being scattered by colourful stained glass windows in a church. The different colours of the glass cause light to be scattered in many directions, and this creates the beautiful effect that we see inside churches. In much the same way, stokes scattering causes different wavelengths (colours) of light to be scattered in all directions when they pass through a material.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Stokes scattering is a bit like how sunlight reflects off of water. Just as the light bounces off of the surface of the water, the photons in a beam of light will scatter when they hit a particle. The size and shape of the particles determines how much scattering happens; smaller and rounder particles scatter more than bigger, irregular ones.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think about the process of light scattering is to imagine a group of people in a room, all talking at once. As you move around the room, you hear different snippets of conversation as different individuals speak directly into your ear. In much the same way, when light passes through a medium like air or water, it scatters off of tiny particles (like molecules) in all directions. This scattered light can reach our eyes from many different angles, which is why the sky looks so bright and blue most of the time.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a toxin necessary to kill half of the members of a tested population. It can be thought of as the poison's "sweet spot" - it's not too weak, and it's not too strong. To use an analogy, imagine that the median lethal dose is the perfect dosage of arsenic to put in someone's tea. If you put in too little, they might not get sick at all. But if you put in too much, they might die instantly. The median lethal dose is just right - it'll make most people feel sick, but won't cause any fatalities.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that, when ingested, will kill 50% of those exposed to it. This can be thought of as taking a group of people and splitting them in half - the ones who survive ingesting the substance are on one side, and the ones who die are on the other. The median lethal dose is then the dosage at which exactly half of this hypothetical group dies.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A median lethal dose is the amount of a drug, toxin or other substance required to kill half of a population of test animals in a specific time period. In other words, it's the point at which 50% of the animals die from exposure to the substance. You could think about it as being like hitting someone with a hammer. A lot of people can take one blow and be fine, but if you hit someone in just the right spot, they'll die instantly. It's kind of the same with drugs or toxins - some people can tolerate quite a bit before they start feeling sick, while others might only need a tiny bit before they're in trouble.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The universe can be compared to an immense work of art. Just as a painting or sculpture is composed of many individual elements, the universe is made up of countless planets, stars, and other objects. Each element has its own unique purpose within the greater whole, much like how each brushstroke on a canvas contributes to the overall composition. Like any great work of art, the universe is full of beauty and mystery. It constantly amazes us with its complexity and grandeur.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The universe is like a stage. There are many actors (planets, stars, etc.), and each one has their own role to play. Sometimes they work together and sometimes they clash with each other. But the audience (us) only sees what's happening on the stage. We don't know what's going on backstage or offstage.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The universe can be thought of as a stage play. The actors are the planets and other objects in space, while the script is the laws that govern their behavior. The audience is us, watching from Earth.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They work by fitting into the spaces of molecules called substrates. The enzyme helps to change the shape of the substrate, which makes it easier for other chemicals to join in and create a new molecule. Think of enzymes as being like construction workers who help put together building blocks to make a skyscraper.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They work a bit like scissors, cutting through large molecules to help them break down into smaller pieces. The small pieces can then be used by the body to create new cells or energy.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	0
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help to speed up chemical reactions in the body. Just as a machine needs energy to work, enzymes need a special molecule called coenzyme to help them do their job.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An anova is like a big party with lots of different kinds of food. Everyone at the party can choose what they want to eat, and then the organizers can see how popular each type of food is by counting how many people ate it.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An anova is similar to a critic reviewing a play. The critic looks at all the aspects of the play and judges how well it was done. The anova does the same thing with data, by looking at all the different factors and seeing which ones have an impact on the results.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The analogy between anova and art is that they are both ways to measure the quality of a piece of work. Anova is used to measure the quality of a piece of writing, while art is used to measure the quality of a painting or sculpture.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. The conductor adjusts the temperature by turning the dial on the thermostat to get it just right. Just as a musician follows the instructions of the conductor, so too does your furnace or air conditioner respond to the settings on your thermostat.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. Just as the conductor sets the pace and tone for the musicians, a thermostat controls the temperature of a room.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. The conductor tells the musicians when to start and stop playing, and they follow his or her lead. The thermostat controls the temperature in your house by telling the furnace when to turn on and off.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium is a lot like musical harmony. Just as different notes played together can create a pleasing sound, different molecules in equilibrium work together to create a stable system. Like musicians who must carefully tune their instruments before playing, chemists must carefully adjust the concentrations of chemicals in order to maintain equilibrium.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a symphony orchestra. The different instruments (chemical species) are in balance, and the music they create is beautiful and harmonious.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a balance scale. On one side of the scale, we have reactants (things that are used to make a new substance). On the other side of the scale, we have products (the new substance that is made from the reactants). The scale is in balance when there is no net change in either direction.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Just-in-time is like having a personal assistant who helps you get everything done just in time for your deadline.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Just-in-time is like having a personal assistant who helps you get everything done just in time for your deadline.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Just-in-time is like having a personal assistant who helps you get everything done just in time for your deadline.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an immune system that "learns" and gets better at fighting infections over time. Just like a person can get better at playing the violin by practicing, the adaptive immune system can improve its ability to fight infections by learning from past experiences.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an immune system that is constantly learning and evolving. It works by “remembering” past infections, and then responding more quickly the next time it encounters that same infection. This analogy might be helpful: think of adaptive immunity as a top student who is always studying and getting better grades than her classmates. She knows all the material inside and out, so when she takes a test, she does really well. Her classmates may have studied just as hard, but they don’t have the same level of knowledge or experience, so they don’t do as well on the test.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The immune system can be thought of as a group of soldiers who are always on guard, ready to protect the body from invaders. This protection is known as immunity. The immune system is adaptive because it can adapt and learn how to fight new infections. It does this by creating memory cells that remember how to attack the infection if it comes back.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If you have a lightbulb and some wires, you can connect the wires to the lightbulb to make it turn on. The electricity flowing through the wires makes the lightbulb turn on. You can think of the electricity as water, and the wires as pipes. The amount of water (or electricity) that flows through a pipe (or wire) is called its flow rate, and is measured in gallons per minute (GPM) or cubic feet per second (CFS). The pressure of the water (or electricity) is called its head, and is measured in pounds per square inch gauge (PSIG), or atmospheres absolute (ATA). Ohm's law says that the voltage across a resistor is proportional to the current flowing through it. In other words, if you increase the voltage across a resistor, you will also increase the current flowing through it.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One analogy for Ohm's law is that of a water hose. The diameter of the hose (the resistance) determines how much water pressure you'll get at the end (voltage). The length of the hose also affects the pressure (current), because it takes longer for the water to flow down a long hose than a short one.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The flow of water through a hose is analogous to the flow of electricity through a wire. Just as the diameter of the hose affects how much water flows through it, so too does the diameter of a wire affect how much electricity flows through it. The pressure of the water (in pounds per square inch) is analogous to the voltage of electricity. And just as more gallons of water will flow if you increase the pressure at the faucet, so too will more amps of electricity flow if you increase the voltage	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Transcription is the process of copying a text from one medium to another. It is very similar to copying a drawing from one piece of paper to another - you need to be precise and pay attention to all of the details in order to create an accurate replica.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Transcription is like taking a picture of a painting. The transcriptionist looks at the painting and tries to capture every detail in writing so that someone else can look at the transcription and see the same painting as if they were looking at the original.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Transcription is a bit like taking dictation from someone. You listen to what they are saying and write it down as accurately as possible.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A polymerase is like a construction worker. It takes the blueprints for a building and builds it according to those plans. The RNA polymerase reads the instructions for making a protein from a strand of DNA and makes a copy of that DNA strand in RNA.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribonucleic acid polymerase is like a printer. It prints out the genetic instructions that are stored in DNA.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
RNA polymerase is a bit like a secretary who takes dictation. The 'secretary' listens to the boss (the DNA molecule) and writes down what it says. She then turns around and creates new pieces of paper (molecules of RNA) with all the information that the boss has communicated.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like a construction crew. They build the proteins that our cells need to function.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like a team of construction workers who build the skeleton of a house. The DNA is like the architect's plans, and the ribosomes follow the instructions to build the proteins that make up the body.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are similar to a type of printing press that manufactures all the proteins in your body. The ribosomes read a recipe for a protein that is stored in the DNA, and then they use special enzymes to "manufacture" the protein by linking together small pieces of amino acids that come from food.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
One way to think about activator proteins is as the " ignition switch" for a cellular process. Just like you need a key to start your car, activator proteins are necessary to turn on ( or activate) certain processes within cells. They do this by binding to other molecules called regulatory factors, which then help to control how genes are expressed	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks the door to a room. The activator protein binds to another molecule called the receptor, and this opens up the door to the room so that other molecules can enter.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The activator protein can be likened to a conductor of an orchestra. The activator protein binds to the promoter region of a gene and initiates transcription.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electricity is like water in a hose. The voltage (pressure) is like the water pressure, and the current (flow) is like the amount of water flowing through the hose. Just as you can plug different size hoses into a faucet to get different amounts of water flow, you can use wires of different sizes to control how much electricity flows through a circuit.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Electricity is like water. Just as water flows through a pipe, electricity flows through a wire. The voltage is the pressure of the electricity, and the current is how much flows through the wire at any given time. Like with water, you can control the flow of electricity by using switches to turn it on and off.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
An electric circuit is like a group of people chatting in a room. The chatters are the electrons, and the room is the battery. When someone new joins the conversation (a spark), they jump from person to person, passing along their energy until they reach the end of the line (the lightbulb).	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
If you think of water molecules as a group of people, the hydrophobic effect would be like when all of the people in the group move away from one another. This creates empty spaces between them and makes it difficult for them to move around (or flow).	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of water molecules to be repelled from one another. This can be best explained by using an analogy involving two magnets. If you have two bar magnets, and you try to push them together, they will naturally repel each other. This is because the poles of the magnets are attracted to each other, while the sides (which contain no magnetic pole) are repelled. In a similar way, water molecules are attracted to each other by their hydrogen bonds, but are repelled by the non-polar tails of the molecule.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in aqueous solutions. This can be best explained by using an analogy with polarity and oil and water. think of oil as being nonpolar (hydrophobic) and water as being polar. When you try to mix them together, the oil will try to avoid the water by clumping together in droplets. this is because like charges repel each other while opposite charges attract. In a similar way, the hydrophobic molecules in a solution will try to group together to avoid contact with the water (polar) environment.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
The process of signal transduction can be thought of as a telephone line between two people. The sender is the person who initiates the call, and the receiver is the person who receives the call. Both parties need to have a phone line in order to communicate with each other. In order for a message to be sent from one person to another, it needs to go through the telephone line. This analogy can also be used to think about how messages are transmitted between cells. Cells use chemical messengers called hormones to communicate with each other. These hormones travel through cell membranes and bind to receptors on the surface of target cells. This triggers a series of events inside the target cell that leads to a response, such as cellular growth or division	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A musician is playing a cello in a concert hall. The sound waves produced by the cello vibrate the air, which in turn causes the nearby walls and ceiling to vibrate. These vibrations cause tiny particles of dust to move around, and these movements create an electrical signal that can be detected by microphones. This electrical signal is analogous to a biological signal that is transmitted from one molecule to another.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
A musician tuning her violin can think of the strings as biological signals. When she plucks a string, it vibrates and sends energy traveling down the string. This energy is converted into sound waves that travel through the air and are heard by our ears. In a similar way, when a hormone or neurotransmitter binds to a receptor on a cell, it causes the cell to vibrate and send energy traveling down the membrane. This energy is converted into an electrical signal that travels through the cell and is used to control what happens inside it.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.	ht	arts	1
Nadh is the "fuel" of the body's energy system. It is produced in the body's cells and is necessary for the production of energy from food.	nadh	Using an arts analogy, explain nadh.	lt	arts	0
Proteins are like the paint on a canvas. They are the building blocks of life and are responsible for many of the functions within a cell.	proteins	Using an arts analogy, explain proteins.	lt	arts	1
DNA is the "blueprint" for an organism. It contains the instructions for building all the proteins an organism needs.	dna	Using an arts analogy, explain dna.	lt	arts	0
Glycogen is the "fuel" that the body uses to power its muscles. It is a type of carbohydrate that is stored in the muscles and liver. When the body needs energy, glycogen is converted into glucose, which is used to provide energy for the body's activities.	glycogen	Using an arts analogy, explain glycogen.	lt	arts	0
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the canvas on which an artist paints. It is a large, flat surface that provides a lot of space for the artist to work. The endoplasmic reticulum is also important for the artist because it helps to distribute the paint evenly.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an arts analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	lt	arts	1
Golgi is like the curator of an art museum. He oversees the organization and presentation of the art in the museum. He also selects new pieces of art to add to the collection.	golgi	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi.	lt	arts	1
The plasma membrane is like the canvas for an artist. It is the surface that the artist uses to create their work. The plasma membrane is also like a window, it allows things to enter and exit the cell.	plasma membrane	Using an arts analogy, explain plasma membrane.	lt	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of the cell. They digest old or damaged proteins and molecules, breaking them down into their component parts. These parts can then be reused to build new molecules and proteins.	lysosome	Using an arts analogy, explain lysosome.	lt	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the paintbrushes and palette of an artist. They are small organelles that are responsible for a variety of chemical reactions in the cell, including the breakdown of fatty acids and the production of cholesterol.	peroxisomes	Using an arts analogy, explain peroxisomes.	lt	arts	1
Mitochondria are the cells that produce energy in the body. They are like the engines of the body.	mitochondria	Using an arts analogy, explain mitochondria.	lt	arts	1
Chloroplasts are the organelles in a plant cell that are responsible for photosynthesis. Just as an artist uses different colors to create a painting, chloroplasts use different colors of light to create glucose from carbon dioxide and water.	chloroplast	Using an arts analogy, explain chloroplast.	lt	arts	1
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to hold the cells together and gives them their shape. It also helps to control the movement of the cells.	cytoskeleton	Using an arts analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	lt	arts	1
ATP is the "fuel" that powers the engine of the body. It is produced by the mitochondria in the cells and is used to drive muscle contraction, nerve impulse transmission, and all other cellular activities.	atp	Using an arts analogy, explain atp.	lt	arts	0
NADPH is the "fuel" that helps the artist create their masterpiece. It is the energy that allows the artist to bring their ideas to life. NADPH is essential for many of the body's processes, including cell growth and repair.	nadph	Using an arts analogy, explain nadph.	lt	arts	0
Peroxysomes are like the paintbrushes of the cell. They are small organelles that help to break down large molecules into smaller ones. This helps to keep the cell running smoothly and efficiently.	peroxysome	Using an arts analogy, explain peroxysome.	lt	arts	1
Mytochondria are the cells in an organism that produce energy. They are similar to the cells in an organism that produce art. Just as the cells in an organism that produce art are responsible for creating the beauty in the organism, the mytochondria are responsible for creating the beauty in an organism by producing energy.	mytochondria	Using an arts analogy, explain mytochondria.	lt	arts	1
Electric forces are like the glue that holds the world together. Just as an artist might use different colors of paint to create a beautiful painting, electric forces use different colors of energy to create the world we see around us.	electric forces	Using an arts analogy, explain electric forces.	lt	arts	1
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is like the space around an artist. It is where the electron is likely to be found. The electron is not constrained to a specific location, but it is more likely to be found in certain areas.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an arts analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	lt	arts	1
The first line of defense in the body is the skin. The skin is a barrier that protects the body from infection and other foreign objects.	first line of defense in the body	Using an arts analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	lt	arts	0
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They are responsible for cleaning up debris and pathogens in the body. They also play a role in activating the immune response.	macrophages	Using an arts analogy, explain macrophages.	lt	arts	1
T-helper cells are like the directors of an orchestra. They help orchestrate the activities of other cells in the immune system to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Using an arts analogy, explain t-helper cells.	lt	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are like the painters in an art studio. They are the ones who take the instructions from the T-lymphocytes (the art directors) and create the final product (the antibodies).	b-lymphocytes	Using an arts analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	lt	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the critics of the arts world. They are highly specialized cells that are able to identify and destroy cells that are infected or have been damaged.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an arts analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	lt	arts	1
When bacteria invade a host, they can cause infection. The bacteria can enter the body through the nose, mouth, or skin. Once inside, they can travel to other parts of the body and cause infection.	invasion of bacterias	Using an arts analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	lt	arts	0
Action potential is like a wave of energy that travels down an artist's arm when they are drawing or painting. This wave of energy is created by the movement of ions across the cell membrane.	action potential	Using an arts analogy, explain action potential.	lt	arts	1
Chromatography is like an artist's palette. The artist can mix different colors together on the palette to create a new color. Chromatography works in a similar way. It mixes different colors of ink together to create a new color.	experiment of chromatography	Using an arts analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	lt	arts	1
Stars spend most of their lives on the main sequence. This is because they are using their nuclear fuel to generate energy. The main sequence is a stable phase in a star's life and it lasts for a long time. As a star uses up its nuclear fuel, it moves off of the main sequence and becomes a red giant or a white dwarf.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an arts analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	lt	arts	0
The nucleus is the center of an atom. It is made up of protons and neutrons. The protons have a positive charge and the neutrons have a neutral charge. The electrons orbit around the nucleus.	nucleus	Using an arts analogy, explain nucleus.	lt	arts	0
Ribosomes are the "engines" of protein synthesis. They are small, round, and composed of RNA and protein. Ribosomes read the genetic code in DNA and use it to assemble proteins.	ribosomes	Using an arts analogy, explain ribosomes.	lt	arts	0
The Golgi apparatus is like an art studio. It is where the artist can create their masterpiece. The artist can start with a blank canvas and add paint, color, and detail to create a beautiful work of art. The Golgi apparatus is where the cell can create new proteins. The proteins are like the paint, color, and detail of the masterpiece. The Golgi apparatus can add these proteins to the cell membrane, the cytoskeleton, and other parts of the cell.	golgi apparatus	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	lt	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the "garbage disposal" of the cell. They are small sacs that contain enzymes that break down proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. This breakdown process is called degradation and it is necessary for the cell to recycle these molecules. Lysosomes also play a role in cell death (apoptosis) and in the immune response.	lysosomes	Using an arts analogy, explain lysosomes.	lt	arts	1
The nuclear envelope is like the frame of a painting. It surrounds and supports the nuclear material inside the cell.	nuclear envelope	Using an arts analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	lt	arts	1
A vacuole is like an art gallery. It is a large, enclosed space where art is displayed. The art in a vacuole is protected from the environment and can be seen by other cells.	vacuoles	Using an arts analogy, explain vacuoles.	lt	arts	1
Cytoplasm is the substance that fills the cells of living organisms and is the site of many biochemical reactions. It is a viscous fluid that contains enzymes, proteins, and other molecules necessary for life.	cytoplasm	Using an arts analogy, explain cytoplasm.	lt	arts	0
Chromosomes are like the paint on an artist's canvas. They are the foundation of genetic information and are responsible for the physical characteristics of an organism.	chromosome	Using an arts analogy, explain chromosome.	lt	arts	1
Cytosol is the water-based solution in which the organelles of a cell float. It is composed of salts, proteins, and other molecules dissolved in water.	cytosol	Using an arts analogy, explain cytosol.	lt	arts	0
A cell is like a canvas. It is the basic structure of a work of art. The artist can use different colors and techniques to create a masterpiece.	cell	Using an arts analogy, explain cell.	lt	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is a small, round, hollow structure that is formed by the cell membrane. Vesicles are used to store and transport substances within the cell.	vesicles	Using an arts analogy, explain vesicles.	lt	arts	1
The cell wall is like the frame of a painting. It is the structure that supports the cell and gives it shape. The cell wall is also responsible for keeping the cell's contents in and preventing them from leaking out.	cell wall	Using an arts analogy, explain cell wall.	lt	arts	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of all living things. Just as an artist might use a variety of colors and shapes to create a painting, cells use a variety of molecules to create all the different tissues and organs in the body.	cells	Using an arts analogy, explain cells.	lt	arts	1
The cell membrane is like the canvas for an artist. It is the surface that the artist uses to create their work. The cell membrane is also important because it is the barrier that protects the cell from its environment.	cell membrane	Using an arts analogy, explain cell membrane.	lt	arts	1
The Golgi body is like the curator of an art museum. It takes the paintings (or in this case, the proteins) from the artist (the ribosomes) and organizes them into a cohesive exhibit (the cell). It also helps to package and send the paintings (or proteins) off to other parts of the museum (or the cell).	golgi body	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi body.	lt	arts	1
Capacitance is the ability of an object to store an electric charge.	capacitance	Using an arts analogy, explain capacitance.	lt	arts	0
Electric current is like the flow of water in a river. Just as the water in a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage.	electric current	Using an arts analogy, explain electric current.	lt	arts	1
Voltage is the pressure that pushes the electrons through the conductor.	voltage	Using an arts analogy, explain voltage.	lt	arts	0
In a cell, specialization is the process by which different parts of the cell carry out different functions. For example, the nucleus is responsible for controlling the cell's activities, while the mitochondria produce energy for the cell. Communication in a cell is the process by which different parts of the cell communicate with each other. This communication allows the different parts of the cell to work together to carry out the cell's functions.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an arts analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	lt	arts	0
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This law is important in electrical engineering because it allows us to calculate the voltage at any point in a circuit by tracing the path of the current.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an arts analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	lt	arts	0
A density wave is a wave of increased or decreased density in a medium. This wave can be caused by a number of things, such as sound waves or the vibration of atoms in a solid.	nature of a density wave	Using an arts analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	lt	arts	0
Enzymes are like the paintbrush of the cell. They are responsible for all the chemical reactions that occur in the cell. Enzymes are made of proteins and they are very specific in what they do.	enzymes	Using an arts analogy, explain enzymes.	lt	arts	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as an artist's studio. The artist has a variety of paints, brushes, and other tools at their disposal. The artist can select the tools they need to create their work. The artist's studio is also a place where the artist can work on their creations. The artist can make changes to their work as they see fit. The artist's studio is also a place where the artist can store their creations. The artist can access their creations whenever they want.	human active memory system	Using an arts analogy, explain human active memory system.	lt	arts	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. This step is responsible for controlling the rate of the reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an arts analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	lt	arts	0
Column chromatography is like a funnel. The solvent is poured in at the top and the mixture of substances to be separated is poured in at the bottom. The substances are then separated as they travel through the column. The purest substances will be at the top and the most impure substances will be at the bottom.	column chromatography	Using an arts analogy, explain column chromatography.	lt	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a dance. The dancers (molecules) are constantly moving around and changing partners (reacting with other molecules). But at the end of the dance, they all end up back where they started, in the same place.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an arts analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	lt	arts	1
A vacuole is like an art gallery. It is a large, enclosed space where art is displayed. The art in a vacuole is protected from the environment and can be seen by other cells.	vacuole	Using an arts analogy, explain vacuole.	lt	arts	1
In an analogy, transport vesicles can be thought of as the trucks that transport goods from one part of a city to another. The goods are the proteins and other molecules that are being transported within the cell. The trucks are the transport vesicles, and they carry the goods to the correct destination.	transport vesicles	Using an arts analogy, explain transport vesicles.	lt	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the painters of a painting. They are the genes that are responsible for the initial development of cancer. Once the proto-oncogenes are activated, they can cause the cancer cells to grow and divide uncontrollably.	proto-oncogenes	Using an arts analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	lt	arts	1
Oncogenes are like the conductor of an orchestra. They are responsible for telling the cells when to grow and divide. When oncogenes are mutated, they can tell the cells to grow and divide too often, which can lead to cancer.	oncogenes	Using an arts analogy, explain oncogenes.	lt	arts	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing and dividing too quickly.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an arts analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	lt	arts	1
Brittle software is software that is not very flexible. It is not very good at adapting to changes, and it is not very good at handling errors.	brittle software	Using an arts analogy, explain brittle software.	lt	arts	0
In an analogy with the arts, resonance hybrid can be thought of as a mix of two different types of music that create a new, more complex sound. In the same way, a resonance hybrid is created when two different types of atomic orbitals combine to form a new, more complex orbital. This new orbital can hold more energy than either of the original orbitals, and can be used to explain the behavior of certain molecules.	resonance hybrid	Using an arts analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	lt	arts	1
The wave mechanical model is like an artist's canvas. The artist can create a picture by painting on the canvas with different colors. The canvas is like the wave function, and the colors are like the different quantum states. The artist can create different pictures by changing the way he paints on the canvas. The wave mechanical model is like this because it allows us to create different pictures of the atom by changing the way we look at it.	wave mechanical model	Using an arts analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	lt	arts	1
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. It is used to help diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures.	electroencephalogram	Using an arts analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	lt	arts	0
DNA replication is similar to a painter creating a copy of a painting. The painter takes the original painting and makes a copy of it. The copy is an exact replica of the original. DNA replication is similar to this. The DNA molecule is the original painting. The DNA molecule is copied, and the copy is an exact replica of the original.	dna replication	Using an arts analogy, explain dna replication.	lt	arts	1
RNA transcription is the process of copying genetic information from DNA to RNA. This process is necessary for the cell to create proteins.	rna transcription	Using an arts analogy, explain rna transcription.	lt	arts	0
Protein translation is the process of reading a gene and creating a protein molecule. The gene is like a set of instructions, and the protein is the finished product.	protein translation	Using an arts analogy, explain protein translation.	lt	arts	1
An ecosystem is a community of different species of living organisms and their physical environment.	ecosystem	Using an arts analogy, explain ecosystem.	lt	arts	0
When an action potential is generated at the dendrite of a neuron, it travels down the neuron's axon to the neuron's terminal. There, the action potential triggers the release of neurotransmitters, which travel across the synaptic cleft to the dendrite of the next neuron. This process repeats until the action potential reaches the brain or spinal cord.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an arts analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	lt	arts	0
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs work like a human's, and the frog also has a diaphragm that helps it breathe.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an arts analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	lt	arts	1
In an architectural sense, layering is the process of adding one or more layers of material on top of a preexisting material. This can be done to add strength, protection, or decoration. In a software engineering sense, layering is the process of dividing a system into multiple parts, or layers, each of which deals with a specific set of concerns. This can be done to improve modularity, maintainability, and testability.	layered architecture	Using an arts analogy, explain layered architecture.	lt	arts	1
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. An excess reactant is a reactant that is in excess and is not used up in the reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an arts analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	lt	arts	0
A eukaryotic cell is like an orchestra. The cell has many different parts that work together to create a beautiful and complex symphony. The cell's nucleus is like the conductor, guiding and organizing the other parts of the cell. The cytoplasm is like the orchestra pit, where the musicians play their instruments. The cell membrane is like the concert hall, where the audience listens to the music.	eukaryotic cell	Using an arts analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	lt	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like an artist's canvas. The cell is a blank slate that can be used to create any type of art. The cell's DNA provides the instructions for creating new proteins, which in turn create the cell's structure and function.	prokaryotic cell	Using an arts analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	lt	arts	1
The kernel is the engine of the car. It's responsible for getting the car moving and keeping it moving. It's not responsible for the design of the car, or the interior, or the color. It just makes sure the car works.	operating systems kernel	Using an arts analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	lt	arts	1
A limiting reactant is the reactant in a chemical reaction that is in shortest supply. The reaction will stop when the limiting reactant is used up.	limiting reactant	Using an arts analogy, explain limiting reactant.	lt	arts	0
Helicase is the enzyme that unwinds the DNA double helix. It is like a pair of scissors that cuts the DNA strands.	helicase	Using an arts analogy, explain helicase.	lt	arts	1
DNA replication binding proteins are like the glue that holds the DNA replication process together. They help to keep the DNA strands together and help to ensure that the replication process is accurate.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an arts analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	lt	arts	1
Ligase is the enzyme that joins two DNA strands together. It is responsible for repairing breaks in DNA and for creating new DNA strands during replication.	ligase	Using an arts analogy, explain ligase.	lt	arts	0
In an orchestra, the conductor is responsible for controlling the tempo, dynamics, and phrasing of the music. In a similar way, a process control block (PCB) is responsible for controlling the flow of data through a computer system. The PCB coordinates the activities of the different components in the system, ensuring that data is processed in a timely and orderly fashion. It also manages the flow of information between the system's memory and its input/output devices.	process control block	Using an arts analogy, explain process control block.	lt	arts	1
Message encoding is the process of translating a message from its original form into a format that can be transmitted or stored. This may involve translating the message into a code that can be read by a computer, or into a format that can be transmitted over a network.	message encoding	Using an arts analogy, explain message encoding.	lt	arts	0
When you take a drug, it interacts with receptor sites in your brain that are responsible for things like mood, appetite, and pleasure. The drug can either block or activate these receptor sites, which can then lead to changes in how you feel or behave.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an arts analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	lt	arts	0
A monitor is like a director or a producer. They are in charge of the overall look and feel of the project and make sure everything is running smoothly.	monitor	Using an arts analogy, explain monitor.	lt	arts	1
The CPU is the conductor of an orchestra. It is responsible for ensuring that all the instruments are playing in harmony and that the music is coming together as it should. In the same way, the CPU is responsible for ensuring that all the different parts of your computer are working together and that the overall system is running smoothly.	cpu	Using an arts analogy, explain cpu.	lt	arts	1
A motherboard is the foundation or backbone of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the key components of a computer, such as the CPU, memory, and expansion slots.	motherboard	Using an arts analogy, explain motherboard.	lt	arts	0
Ram is the process of working on a project until it is finished. It is the final push to get the project done.	ram	Using an arts analogy, explain ram.	lt	arts	0
A power supply unit is like the engine of a car. It takes the fuel (electricity) and converts it into power that the car can use to run.	power supply unit	Using an arts analogy, explain power supply unit.	lt	arts	1
A keyboard is like a piano. It has keys that you press to make different sounds.	keyboard	Using an arts analogy, explain keyboard.	lt	arts	1
Mouse is a tool used by artists to create and edit digital art. It allows them to move around the canvas, zoom in and out, and select and edit individual pixels.	mouse	Using an arts analogy, explain mouse.	lt	arts	0
An audio card is like a painter's palette. It is a device that allows you to mix and match different sounds to create a desired effect.	audio card	Using an arts analogy, explain audio card.	lt	arts	1
A video card is like a painter's canvas. It is the surface that the video image is projected onto. The video card also contains the circuitry that processes the video signal and sends it to the monitor.	video card	Using an arts analogy, explain video card.	lt	arts	1
The tree's age calculation is like an artist's sketch. It is a rough estimate of the tree's age.	tree's age calculation	Using an arts analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	lt	arts	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using an arts analogy, explain glycolysis.	lt	arts	0
Anti-stokes scattering is the scattering of light or other forms of electromagnetic radiation in the opposite direction to the direction of the incident radiation. It is the process by which energy is dissipated from a system, and is inversely proportional to the fourth power of the frequency of the radiation.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an arts analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	lt	arts	0
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light or other electromagnetic radiation by small particles. The scattering is caused by the collisions of the photons or particles with the atoms or molecules of the medium. The scattering is in the forward direction, and the intensity of the scattered light decreases as the inverse square of the distance from the particle.	stokes scattering	Using an arts analogy, explain stokes scattering.	lt	arts	0
The median lethal dose is the dose of a drug that kills 50% of the test population. It is used to measure the toxicity of a drug.	median lethal dose	Using an arts analogy, explain median lethal dose.	lt	arts	0
The universe can be thought of as a painting. It is a vast and complex creation that is constantly expanding and evolving. There are billions of stars and planets, and an infinite number of possibilities for what could exist within it. Just like an artist, the universe has the ability to create anything it desires. It is a place of beauty and mystery, and it is always changing.	universe	Using an arts analogy, explain universe.	lt	arts	1
Enzyme mechanism is like an artist's brush. The artist's brush is used to apply paint to a canvas. The paint is the enzyme's substrate. The artist's brush is the enzyme's active site. The artist's hand is the enzyme's catalytic site. The artist's eyes are the enzyme's regulatory site.	enzyme mechanism	Using an arts analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	lt	arts	1
An anova is a statistical analysis that is used to compare the means of two or more groups. It is similar to a t-test, but is more powerful.	anova	Using an arts analogy, explain anova.	lt	arts	1
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building by turning on or off the heating or cooling system.	thermostat	Using an arts analogy, explain thermostat.	lt	arts	0
Chemical equilibrium is like a balance in an art class. The students are constantly adding new paint to the canvas, but they are also using the paint that is already there. The students are always changing the balance, but eventually, the balance reaches a point where it is stable.	chemical equilibrium	Using an arts analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	lt	arts	1
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's efficiency by reducing the time between when a product is ordered and when it is delivered. This is done by having a just-in-time inventory, which is a stock of goods that is only replenished when it is needed. This reduces the amount of inventory that a company needs to keep on hand, which saves money on storage costs and minimizes the amount of time that a product is out of stock.	just-in-time	Using an arts analogy, explain just-in-time.	lt	arts	0
Adaptive immunity is like an artist who can adapt their work to different styles and mediums. The artist can create a painting, then create a sculpture, and then create a song based on the same painting. The artist's work is always based on the same painting, but it is adapted to fit the new medium.	adaptive immunity	Using an arts analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	lt	arts	1
In an electric circuit, the current is analogous to the flow of water in a pipe. The voltage is analogous to the water pressure. The resistance is analogous to the size of the pipe. The current is inversely proportional to the resistance.	ohm's law	Using an arts analogy, explain ohm's law.	lt	arts	1
Transcription is the process of copying a text or set of notes from one medium to another. It is often used when transferring information from a handwritten or typed document to a computer.	transcription	Using an arts analogy, explain transcription.	lt	arts	0
RNA polymerase is the enzyme that catalyzes the transcription of DNA into RNA. It binds to the DNA promoter region and uses the energy from the hydrogen bonds between the DNA base pairs to synthesize an RNA molecule.	rna polymerase	Using an arts analogy, explain rna polymerase.	lt	arts	0
Ribosomes are the "engines" of protein synthesis. They are small, round, and composed of RNA and protein. Ribosomes read the genetic code in DNA and use it to assemble proteins.	ribosome	Using an arts analogy, explain ribosome.	lt	arts	0
Activator protein is like the conductor of an orchestra. It helps to initiate the transcription of DNA into RNA.	activator protein	Using an arts analogy, explain activator protein.	lt	arts	1
An electric circuit is like an art gallery. It has a number of rooms (or "components"), each with its own artworks (or "electrical loads"). There are a number of ways to get from one room to another (or "circuit paths"), each with its own set of artworks. And, just like in an art gallery, you can enjoy the artworks in each room without having to go through every other room.	electric circuit	Using an arts analogy, explain electric circuit.	lt	arts	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This is because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with one another than with the nonpolar molecules. The nonpolar molecules are repelled by the water and tend to aggregate together.	hydrophobic effect	Using an arts analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	lt	arts	0
Biological signal transduction is the process by which a signal is transmitted from the outside of a cell to the inside of a cell. This signal can be a hormone, a neurotransmitter, or a chemical messenger. The signal is transmitted by a receptor on the surface of the cell, and the receptor is activated by the signal. This activation causes a change in the receptor, which then causes a change in the cell. The change in the cell can then lead to a change in the behavior of the organism.	biological signal transduction	Using an arts analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	lt	arts	0
Nadh is the artist's equivalent to a paintbrush. It is responsible for bringing energy to the cells and enabling them to create ATP. Without nadh, the cells would be unable to produce energy and create art.	nadh	Using an arts analogy, explain nadh.	ht	arts	1
Nadh is like the paintbrush used by an artist. It is not the painting, but it helps to create the masterpiece. Nadh is necessary for energy production in the body and without it, we would be unable to function.	nadh	Using an arts analogy, explain nadh.	ht	arts	1
Nadh is like the paints an artist uses to create a painting. It is necessary for the creation of energy in the body, and it is also responsible for transporting carbon dioxide out of the cells.	nadh	Using an arts analogy, explain nadh.	ht	arts	1
In the same way that an artist's palette consists of a range of colors that can be combined to create different hues, proteins are made up of smaller molecules called amino acids. By linking together different combinations of these amino acids, proteins can form long chains with a variety of shapes and functions. Just as an artist might use varying shades and textures to create a painting, proteins carry out many different tasks in the body by using their unique structure.	proteins	Using an arts analogy, explain proteins.	ht	arts	1
Proteins are like the paint on an artist's canvas. They give cells their structure and allow them to carry out their functions. Proteins also interact with other molecules in the cell, including DNA, to control how the cell grows and divides.	proteins	Using an arts analogy, explain proteins.	ht	arts	1
Proteins are like the paint on a canvas. They provide color, texture, and shape to the cell.	proteins	Using an arts analogy, explain proteins.	ht	arts	1
DNA is similar to a painting. The paint on the canvas is like the DNA sequence, and the colors and strokes are like the genetic code. Just as a painter can create different paintings with different looks and feels, so too can nature produce multiple versions of an organism by altering its DNA sequence.	dna	Using an arts analogy, explain dna.	ht	arts	1
DNA is the foundation of all life. It is a molecule that contains the genetic instructions used in the development and functioning of all living organisms. DNA is a long, thin molecule made up of two strands that wrap around each other to form a spiral staircase-like shape. The sequence of nucleotides on these strands determines everything from an organism's physical characteristics to its susceptibility to disease.	dna	Using an arts analogy, explain dna.	ht	arts	0
DNA is the blueprint of a particular species. It is like the score for an opera- it tells the cells how to build everything that makes up that organism, from its hair to its heart.	dna	Using an arts analogy, explain dna.	ht	arts	1
Glycogen is the "fuel" that powers the muscles. It is a type of carbohydrate that is stored in the muscles and liver. When you exercise, your body uses glycogen to provide energy for the muscles.	glycogen	Using an arts analogy, explain glycogen.	ht	arts	0
Glycogen is the "paint" that an artist uses to create a painting. Just as an artist needs paint to create a painting, a runner needs glycogen to create energy for running. Glycogen is stored in the muscles and liver, and it is used to produce energy during exercise.	glycogen	Using an arts analogy, explain glycogen.	ht	arts	1
Glycogen is a storage molecule for glucose in the body. It is made up of chains of glucose molecules and can be found in the liver and muscles. Glycogen is used to provide energy for the body, especially during periods of high activity. When blood sugar levels are low, glycogen breaks down into individual glucose molecules to raise blood sugar levels.	glycogen	Using an arts analogy, explain glycogen.	ht	arts	0
Endoplasmic Reticulum is like the backstage crew for a theater production. They do all of the behind-the-scenes work to make sure everything runs smoothly and looks good on stage. The ER helps create and process proteins, which are essential for cell function.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an arts analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	ht	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the canvas for an artist. It provides a surface on which proteins can be synthesized and folded.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an arts analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	ht	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is the equivalent of a theater stage. It's where all the action happens - it's where proteins are synthesized and folded, lipids are made, and where calcium ions are stored. The endoplasmic reticulum also helps to detoxify the cell by breaking down toxins.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an arts analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.	ht	arts	1
Golgi is the stage in cell development immediately following the endoplasmic reticulum. It is responsible for packaging proteins into vesicles that will be transported to other parts of the cell.	golgi	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi.	ht	arts	0
The Golgi apparatus helps to package and ship proteins out of the cell. It is analogous to an art studio, where artists produce paintings and sculptures. The Golgi apparatus takes newly made proteins and wraps them in a membrane, creating tiny sacs called vesicles. These vesicles are then released from the cell and travel to other parts of the body where they deliver their cargo.	golgi	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi.	ht	arts	1
Golgi is like the art teacher in school. He/she oversees the creation of art, making sure each student's work meets a certain standard. Golgi helps to create and package proteins that will be sent to different parts of the cell.	golgi	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi.	ht	arts	1
The plasma membrane is like the canvas for an artist. The artist can use this surface to create their masterpiece. The cells in our body are like the artists, and the plasma membrane is their medium. The cells use the plasma membrane to interact with their environment and communicate with other cells.	plasma membrane	Using an arts analogy, explain plasma membrane.	ht	arts	1
The plasma membrane is like the canvas on an artist's easel. The proteins and lipids that make up the membrane are like the paint and brushes that the artist uses to create a work of art. Just as different colors can be used to create different images, different proteins and lipids can be used to create different membranes with unique properties.	plasma membrane	Using an arts analogy, explain plasma membrane.	ht	arts	1
The plasma membrane is like the canvas on an artist's easel. It is the surface on which all of the action happens, and it provides a boundary between what's inside and outside of the cell. The plasma membrane is made up of a thin layer of proteins and lipids that surround the cell, and it allows things to move in and out while keeping everything else inside.	plasma membrane	Using an arts analogy, explain plasma membrane.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the digestive system of a cell. They break down large molecules into smaller pieces that the cell can use for energy or to build new molecules.	lysosome	Using an arts analogy, explain lysosome.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins of cells. They recycle cellular waste products and help to keep the cell clean. Lysosomes also play a role in cell signaling, which is how cells communicate with one another.	lysosome	Using an arts analogy, explain lysosome.	ht	arts	1
The lysosome is the “artist’s studio” of the cell. It is a small, round organelle that is responsible for breaking down large molecules into smaller pieces. This process is called digestion and it allows the cell to recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. The lysosome also helps to regulate the amount of these materials in the cell.	lysosome	Using an arts analogy, explain lysosome.	ht	arts	0
Peroxisomes are like a theater. The nucleus is the director and the organelles are the actors. The peroxisomes control what type of play is being performed, while the nucleus decides which actors will be in each scene.	peroxisomes	Using an arts analogy, explain peroxisomes.	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the paintbrushes of a painter. They allow the artist to add color and detail to their work. In much the same way, peroxisomes help cells perform specific functions by adding chemicals (like oxygen) to other molecules.	peroxisomes	Using an arts analogy, explain peroxisomes.	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like a black box theatre. They are small and unassuming, but they play an important role in the production of the show. In the case of peroxisomes, this show is made up of chemicals that help keep us healthy. Peroxisomes produce hydrogen peroxide, which can kill harmful bacteria and viruses.	peroxisomes	Using an arts analogy, explain peroxisomes.	ht	arts	1
Mitochondria are the "engines" of our cells - they produce the energy that our cells need to function. They do this by breaking down food molecules into smaller pieces that can be used by the cell, and then using that energy to create adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is basically a cellular currency that all cells use to pay for things like building new proteins or transporting molecules across membranes.	mitochondria	Using an arts analogy, explain mitochondria.	ht	arts	0
Mitochondria are the cells that produce energy in our bodies. Just as an artist needs a canvas and paints to create a work of art, mitochondria need oxygen and food to create energy.	mitochondria	Using an arts analogy, explain mitochondria.	ht	arts	1
Mitochondria are like the stage crew for a play. They set up and take down the scenery, make sure all of the props are in place, and help to keep everything running smoothly during the performance. In other words, they provide energy and support to all of the other cells in the body.	mitochondria	Using an arts analogy, explain mitochondria.	ht	arts	1
Chloroplasts are organelles in the plant cell that are unique in that they have the ability to change light into chemical energy that can be used by plants to create glucose from carbon dioxide and water. In other words, chloroplasts are responsible for photosynthesis.	chloroplast	Using an arts analogy, explain chloroplast.	ht	arts	1
Chloroplast is an organelle found in the cytoplasm of photosynthetic cells. It is a small, round, discoid structure that is about 1-3 micrometers in diameter. Chloroplasts are unique in that they have two membrane systems: the outer and inner membranes. The outer membrane surrounds the chloroplast while the inner membrane forms numerous folds or sacs called thylakoids. The thylakoids are where light energy is converted into chemical energy by photosynthesis	chloroplast	Using an arts analogy, explain chloroplast.	ht	arts	0
Chloroplasts are organelles in the plant cell that are unique in that they have the ability to change sunlight into chemical energy that can be used by plants to create glucose from carbon dioxide and water.	chloroplast	Using an arts analogy, explain chloroplast.	ht	arts	0
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to support and shape the cell while also allowing it to move around.	cytoskeleton	Using an arts analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	ht	arts	1
Cytoskeleton is the backbone of a structure. In an art piece, it would be the frame and supports that keep everything in place. The cytoskeleton does the same for cells, keeping their shape and internal organization intact. It also helps them move around and attach to other cells or surfaces.	cytoskeleton	Using an arts analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	ht	arts	1
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a human. It provides support to the cell and helps it maintain its shape. The cytoskeleton also plays a role in cell movement and division.	cytoskeleton	Using an arts analogy, explain cytoskeleton.	ht	arts	1
ATP is the currency of energy in cells. It is used to power everything from movement and thinking to cell division and protein synthesis. ATP molecules are made when one carbon atom from glucose combines with three oxygen atoms, releasing energy that can be used by the cell. The process of making ATP is called respiration, and it takes place in the mitochondria, tiny organelles inside cells.	atp	Using an arts analogy, explain atp.	ht	arts	0
ATP is the currency of energy in the body. Just as money can be used to buy goods and services, ATP is used to purchase energy needed for all bodily functions.	atp	Using an arts analogy, explain atp.	ht	arts	1
ATP is the currency of energy in the body. It is used to power everything from muscle contraction during exercise to neuron firing in the brain. Muscles use ATP for short-term bursts of energy, while the brain uses it for long-term activity.	atp	Using an arts analogy, explain atp.	ht	arts	0
NADPH is a cofactor that helps the artist create her work. It is necessary for the production of many important molecules in the body, including cholesterol and proteins.	nadph	Using an arts analogy, explain nadph.	ht	arts	0
Nadph is like the red paint that artists use to add color to their paintings. It's a vital part of the creative process, and it helps make everything look more vibrant and alive.	nadph	Using an arts analogy, explain nadph.	ht	arts	1
Nadph (nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate) is a cofactor that helps enzymes convert energy from food into useful forms for the body. It is similar to ADP (adenine dinucleotide phosphate), which also helps with this process, but NADPH has an extra phosphate group that makes it better at converting energy.	nadph	Using an arts analogy, explain nadph.	ht	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like the art galleries of the cell. Just as an art gallery contains paintings and sculptures by different artists, peroxysomes contain a variety of enzymes that help the cell to break down food, detoxify pollutants and fight infections.	peroxysome	Using an arts analogy, explain peroxysome.	ht	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like the art studios of cells. They're where a lot of the creative work happens, including the production of important enzymes.	peroxysome	Using an arts analogy, explain peroxysome.	ht	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like the art galleries of cells. They contain beautiful and important works of art (enzymes) that allow the cell to function properly.	peroxysome	Using an arts analogy, explain peroxysome.	ht	arts	1
Mytochondria are the cells that make up the muscle tissue in our bodies. They are responsible for repairing and building new muscle tissue, as well as producing energy for muscles to use during activity. Just like an artist's palette is used to create a painting, mytochondria are used by our bodies to create muscle tissue.	mytochondria	Using an arts analogy, explain mytochondria.	ht	arts	1
Mytochondria are the cells in an organism that produce energy. They are similar to the artist who creates the paintings or drawings that make up an art exhibit. The mytochondria create energy within the cells of the organism, much like how an artist creates a work of art.	mytochondria	Using an arts analogy, explain mytochondria.	ht	arts	1
Mytochondria are the cells in your body that produce energy. Think of them as the artist who creates the painting. The mytochondria use oxygen and glucose to create energy, which is then used by all of the other cells in your body.	mytochondria	Using an arts analogy, explain mytochondria.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces can be thought of as analogous to the gravitational force between masses. Just as masses pull on each other with a gravitational force, charges exert an electric force on each other. Unlike gravity, however, the electric force gets weaker as the distance between the charges increases.	electric forces	Using an arts analogy, explain electric forces.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are the equivalent of artist's brushes. They allow particles to interact with each other, and create the electric force field that surrounds them.	electric forces	Using an arts analogy, explain electric forces.	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are the equivalent of magnets. Like magnets, electric charges can exert a force on each other that pulls them together or pushes them apart. Unlike magnets, electric charges can be either positive or negative.	electric forces	Using an arts analogy, explain electric forces.	ht	arts	1
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is similar to the orbit of a planet around the sun. The electron moves in an elliptical path around the nucleus, with the highest point of its orbit being closest to the nucleus.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an arts analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	ht	arts	1
An electron's orbital can be thought of as a artist's canvas. The size and shape of the orbital is determined by how much energy the electron has. The more energy an electron has, the larger its orbital will be.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an arts analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	ht	arts	1
An electron in an atom occupies a particular space called an orbital. The shape of each orbital is determined by the energy of the electron and can hold a certain number of electrons. Orbitals are further divided into subshells, which are designated by letters (s, p, d, f). The hydrogen atom has one proton in the nucleus and one electron orbiting around it. The electron's orbital is described as "1s." This means that the electron is in the first subshell (s) and its orbital has the shape of a spheres with its center at the nucleus.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an arts analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.	ht	arts	0
The first line of defense is the skin. The skin is a barrier that keeps bad things out of the body and good things in.	first line of defense in the body	Using an arts analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	ht	arts	0
The first line of defense in the body is made up of skin, mucous membranes, and hair. These barriers help keep out bacteria, viruses, and other foreign substances.	first line of defense in the body	Using an arts analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	ht	arts	0
The first line of defense in the body is made up of different types of cells that make up the skin. The skin contains a number of different cells that work together to protect the body from infection and other foreign invaders. These cells include macrophages, neutrophils, natural killer cells, and dendritic cells.	first line of defense in the body	Using an arts analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.	ht	arts	0
Macrophages are like the janitors of the body. They clean up bacteria, dead cells, and other debris.	macrophages	Using an arts analogy, explain macrophages.	ht	arts	1
Macrophages are like the janitors or security guards of the immune system. They patrol the body and clean up any debris or pathogens that they find. They also secrete cytokines which help to activate other cells of the immune system.	macrophages	Using an arts analogy, explain macrophages.	ht	arts	1
Macrophages are like the stage crew for an arts performance. They set up and take down the props, help with costumes, and make sure everything runs smoothly behind the scenes. In the body, macrophages help to clear away debris, fight infection, and keep things running smoothly.	macrophages	Using an arts analogy, explain macrophages.	ht	arts	1
T-helper cells are the Picassos of the immune system. They help orchestrate the actions of other cells to mount a coordinated response against an invader.	t-helper cells	Using an arts analogy, explain t-helper cells.	ht	arts	0
T-helper cells are like the directors of an orchestra. They help orchestrate the activities of other immune system cells to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Using an arts analogy, explain t-helper cells.	ht	arts	1
T-helper cells are the "artist" of the immune system. They help orchestrate and direct the activity of other cells, like "musicians," to fight off infection or disease. T-helper cells also produce important proteins called cytokines, which help regulate the overall immune response.	t-helper cells	Using an arts analogy, explain t-helper cells.	ht	arts	0
B-lymphocytes are like the painters of the immune system. They use their knowledge of the body to create specific antibodies that can bind to and neutralize foreign invaders.	b-lymphocytes	Using an arts analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	ht	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are like the painters in an art studio. They use their creativity and skills to produce new molecules called antibodies. These antibodies help protect the body from infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using an arts analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	ht	arts	1
B-lymphocytes are like the directors of an orchestra. They help orchestrate the activities of other cells in order to fight infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using an arts analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.	ht	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the "policemen" of the immune system. They patrol the body for cells that are not supposed to be there, such as cancer cells or virus-infected cells, and they destroy them.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an arts analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	ht	arts	1
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are white blood cells that help the body fight infection. They identify and destroy foreign cells, including bacteria, viruses, and cancer cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an arts analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	ht	arts	0
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the painters of the immune system. They survey the body for cells that look different or strange, and then they destroy them.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an arts analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.	ht	arts	1
Bacteria invade by entering the body through a break in the skin, such as a cut or scrape. Once inside the body, they can travel to other parts of the body and cause infection.	invasion of bacterias	Using an arts analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	ht	arts	0
When bacteria invade a person's body, they are like artists invading a new canvas. They can spread quickly and cause damage to the tissues surrounding them. Just as an artist might create beautiful or exciting works of art on a new canvas, bacteria can cause harm (or even death) when they invade a new host.	invasion of bacterias	Using an arts analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	ht	arts	1
Bacteria are like an invading army, coming in and taking over the cells. They use up all of the resources inside the cell, and can even kill the cell in the process. This is what causes infection and illness.	invasion of bacterias	Using an arts analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.	ht	arts	1
When you go to a museum, you may see paintings with beautiful colors. The colors are not really there; instead, they are the result of light reflecting off of the paint. This is because different colors reflect different amounts of light. Red reflects more than blue, so when red and blue paint mix together, you see purple.This is similar to how an action potential works in your brain. When a neuron fires, it sends out a signal in the form of electricity. This electricity travels down the neuron until it reaches the end where it causes the release of neurotransmitters. These neurotransmitters stimulate other neurons, which then send out their own signals.	action potential	Using an arts analogy, explain action potential.	ht	arts	1
An action potential is like a wave of energy that travels down an arts organization's hierarchy. This wave starts with the board, who pass it on to the executive director, and then down to the staff. Each person in the organization is responsible for enacting this energy by taking action and creating work.	action potential	Using an arts analogy, explain action potential.	ht	arts	1
An action potential can be thought of as an artist's brushstroke. Just as the artist's hand movements control the direction and width of each stroke, electrical signals traveling through a neuron control the movement of ions across its membrane. This determines whether or not potassium or sodium ions are allowed to enter the neuron, which in turn creates an electric current that travels down the nerve fiber. The strength of this current is what ultimately generates an action potential.	action potential	Using an arts analogy, explain action potential.	ht	arts	1
The experiment of chromatography is similar to an artist using different colors of paint to create a painting. The artist starts with a white canvas and adds different colors, layer by layer, to create the desired image. In the same way, chromatography uses different colors (or molecules) of ink to create a separation of substances in a liquid mixture.	experiment of chromatography	Using an arts analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	ht	arts	1
Chromatography is the experiment of separating a mixture into its individual parts. In this analogy, think of the different colors in a rainbow. Each color is a different component that makes up the whole (the rainbow). Chromatography is similar to this because it separates each color (component) so that they can be studied individually.	experiment of chromatography	Using an arts analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	ht	arts	1
Chromatography is the experiment of separating colors. The different colors are placed on a piece of paper and then water is poured over it. The different colors will dissolve in the water at different rates and will be able to be separated by how quickly they dissolve.	experiment of chromatography	Using an arts analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.	ht	arts	0
Stars are much like people in that they have a life cycle. A star is born from a nebula, or cloud of gas and dust. The star's mass determines how long it will live on the main sequence. Most stars, like the sun, live for billions of years while burning hydrogen into helium. When the star runs out of hydrogen to burn, it expands into a red giant and eventually dies.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an arts analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	ht	arts	1
Stars will spend most of their lifetime as a main sequence star. This is when the star is using nuclear fusion to create energy, and it is in equilibrium between the force of gravity trying to collapse the star and the pressure from thermonuclear fusion pushing outward. The main sequence lifetime for a star depends on its mass - more massive stars have shorter lifetimes than less massive stars.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an arts analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	ht	arts	0
The main sequence lifetime of a star is the amount of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. The longer a star spends on the main sequence, the more massive it is.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an arts analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.	ht	arts	0
Nucleus is the center of an atom. It contains the protons and neutrons that make up the atom's mass.	nucleus	Using an arts analogy, explain nucleus.	ht	arts	0
The nucleus is like the director of a play. He or she oversees everything that goes on and makes sure it all runs smoothly.	nucleus	Using an arts analogy, explain nucleus.	ht	arts	1
The nucleus of an atom is the central, positively charged core. It contains most of the atoms' mass and all of its protons. The electrons orbit around it in shells.	nucleus	Using an arts analogy, explain nucleus.	ht	arts	0
Ribosomes are the cells that produce proteins. They look like small beads and are found in the cytoplasm of all cells. The ribosomes reads the genetic code in a gene and produces a specific protein according to that code.	ribosomes	Using an arts analogy, explain ribosomes.	ht	arts	0
Ribosomes are the "engines" of protein synthesis. They are small, round organelles that can be found in the cytoplasm of all cells. Ribosomes consist of two subunits: a large subunit and a small subunit. The large subunit is responsible for decoding the genetic information in mRNA molecules and assembling the proteins encoded by those genes. The small subunit helps to assemble the proteins and peptides produced by the ribosome.	ribosomes	Using an arts analogy, explain ribosomes.	ht	arts	0
Ribosomes are the little factories in our cells that produce all of the proteins we need. Just as an artist has a studio where they create their art, ribosomes have a special place inside of our cells where they make proteins.	ribosomes	Using an arts analogy, explain ribosomes.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is like an artist's studio. It is where the cell processes and packages proteins that are created in the ribosomes.	golgi apparatus	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	ht	arts	1
Golgi apparatus is like a museum curator. It takes the products of the endoplasmic reticulum and packages them into small vesicles that it sends to other parts of the cell.	golgi apparatus	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	ht	arts	1
The golgi apparatus is like a frame for a painting. The painter can put the paint on the canvas and then use the frame to hold everything in place while it dries. The golgi apparatus helps proteins to be made and delivered to their correct destination inside of a cell.	golgi apparatus	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi apparatus.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. They digest food and break down waste products.	lysosomes	Using an arts analogy, explain lysosomes.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the artists' studios in a gallery. They are little rooms where the artist can work on their art without being disturbed. Lysosomes are small sacs inside cells that store enzymes. These enzymes break down large molecules into smaller ones, so the cell can use them for energy or to build new proteins.	lysosomes	Using an arts analogy, explain lysosomes.	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the recycling bin of a cell. They digest and break down old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids into their component parts. These components can then be recycled to build new molecules for the cell.	lysosomes	Using an arts analogy, explain lysosomes.	ht	arts	1
Just as an artist's canvas is the surface on which they create their artwork, the nuclear envelope is a membrane that surrounds the nucleus of a cell. This membrane helps to protect the genetic material within the nucleus while also controlling what enters and leaves.	nuclear envelope	Using an arts analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	ht	arts	1
Nuclear envelope is the protective outer layer of a nucleus. It is made up of two lipid bilayers, which enclose the DNA and proteins that make up the nucleus. The nuclear envelope helps to protect the genetic information inside the nucleus from damage, and it also helps to control what enters and leaves the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using an arts analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	ht	arts	0
The nuclear envelope is like the frame of a painting. It surrounds and supports the nuclear material inside the cell. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, called the inner and outer nuclear membrane. These membranes work together to control what goes in and out of the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using an arts analogy, explain nuclear envelope.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is like an empty space in a painting. It's an area that doesn't have any color or detail.	vacuoles	Using an arts analogy, explain vacuoles.	ht	arts	1
In an analogy to the arts, vacuoles can be thought of as empty spaces or areas within a work of art. These spaces may be used for storage, or they may simply be left empty to create visual interest. Similarly, in cells, vacuoles are used for storage or disposal and can play an important role in the health and functioning of the cell.	vacuoles	Using an arts analogy, explain vacuoles.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is a space in the cytoplasm of a cell that is filled with fluid or gas. It helps to store food, water, and other materials.	vacuoles	Using an arts analogy, explain vacuoles.	ht	arts	0
Cytoplasm is the fluid that fills up a cell and contains all of the organelles. It's kind of like the paint in an artist's palette - it's what they use to create their work.	cytoplasm	Using an arts analogy, explain cytoplasm.	ht	arts	0
Cytoplasm can be seen as the paint and canvas of a painting. It is the foundation that everything else is built on top of. In paintings, you often have different colors and textures that are used to create an image. Cytoplasm performs a similar function in cells; it contains different organelles that allow the cell to perform various functions.	cytoplasm	Using an arts analogy, explain cytoplasm.	ht	arts	1
Cytoplasm is the substance of a cell between the plasma membrane and the nucleus. Cytoplasm contains organelles, including mitochondria, which produce energy for the cell, and ribosomes, which produce proteins.	cytoplasm	Using an arts analogy, explain cytoplasm.	ht	arts	0
Chromosomes are the colors used in a painting. They are responsible for the different shades and hues that make up an image. In the same way, chromosomes control all of the different aspects of gene expression - from color to size to shape.	chromosome	Using an arts analogy, explain chromosome.	ht	arts	1
Chromosomes are the threads that make up the fabric of our genes. They are like the individual strings in a woven tapestry, or the different colors of paint on a canvas. Chromosomes carry all of the genetic information needed to create and sustain life.	chromosome	Using an arts analogy, explain chromosome.	ht	arts	0
Chromosomes are like the canvas on which genes are painted. Genes are like the colors that make up the painting.	chromosome	Using an arts analogy, explain chromosome.	ht	arts	1
Cytosol is the water-based solution in which organelles and other cell structures float. It is a complex mixture of proteins, lipids, salts, and metabolites that provide the cells with the necessary nutrients and energy to function.	cytosol	Using an arts analogy, explain cytosol.	ht	arts	0
Cytosol is the water-based solution in which organelles and other cell structures float. It consists of about 80% water, 10-15% proteins, and 2-5% lipids.	cytosol	Using an arts analogy, explain cytosol.	ht	arts	0
The cytosol is the substance that fills the cell and surrounds the organelles. Just as paint is used to color a picture on canvas, cytosol provides color and nutrients to cells. It also helps transport materials in and out of cells.	cytosol	Using an arts analogy, explain cytosol.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like an artist's canvas. The cell can be filled with different colors, or proteins, that dictate what the cell will become.	cell	Using an arts analogy, explain cell.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a canvas that an artist can use to create a masterpiece. The artist has many colors and tools at their disposal to make the painting come to life. Similarly, the cell has many molecules and proteins that it can use to carry out its functions.	cell	Using an arts analogy, explain cell.	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a canvas that an artist can use to create a painting. The artist can use different colors and techniques to create a masterpiece. In the same way, cells can be used to create tissues and organs.	cell	Using an arts analogy, explain cell.	ht	arts	1
Paintings are created by applying paint to a canvas. The paint is stored in small containers called vesicles. When the artist wants to use a particular color, she opens a vesicle and squeezes the paint onto the canvas.	vesicles	Using an arts analogy, explain vesicles.	ht	arts	0
In biology, a vesicle is a small structure within a cell that has a specific function. Vesicles can be either organic or inorganic. In organic vesicles, the membrane enclosing the contents is made of lipid and protein. In inorganic vesicles, the membrane is made of inorganic materials such as metals or ceramics.	vesicles	Using an arts analogy, explain vesicles.	ht	arts	0
A vesicle is a small sac-like structure that forms within the cytoplasm of a cell. Vesicles are used to store and transport cellular materials such as proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids.	vesicles	Using an arts analogy, explain vesicles.	ht	arts	0
The cell wall is like the frame of a painting. It provides structure and support to the cells while also protecting them from outside forces.	cell wall	Using an arts analogy, explain cell wall.	ht	arts	1
The cell wall is like a canvas that the painter uses to create their painting. The cell wall is what gives the cells their shape and also helps to protect them from outside forces.	cell wall	Using an arts analogy, explain cell wall.	ht	arts	1
Cell wall is like the frame of a painting. It provides structure and support to the cell while also protecting it from damage.	cell wall	Using an arts analogy, explain cell wall.	ht	arts	1
Cells can be thought of as the basic unit of structure and function in living things. Just like an artist might use different colors, shapes, and sizes to create a masterpiece, cells use different molecules to carry out specific tasks within the cell.	cells	Using an arts analogy, explain cells.	ht	arts	1
Cells are the basic building blocks of all living things. Just as an artist uses different colors and shapes to create a work of art, cells use various proteins and molecules to create everything from tissues to entire organisms.	cells	Using an arts analogy, explain cells.	ht	arts	1
Cells are the building blocks of all living things. Just as an artist uses different colors and shapes to create a masterpiece, cells use different molecules to create everything from a simple virus to a complex human being.	cells	Using an arts analogy, explain cells.	ht	arts	1
A cell membrane is like an artist's canvas. Just as an artist can use different colors and techniques to create a masterpiece, the cell membrane can use different molecules to create a barrier that controls what enters and leaves the cell.	cell membrane	Using an arts analogy, explain cell membrane.	ht	arts	1
The cell membrane is like a painting. It is the boundary that separates what is inside the cell from what is outside the cell. The cell membrane controls what enters and leaves the cell, just as an artist controls what goes into and comes out of their painting.	cell membrane	Using an arts analogy, explain cell membrane.	ht	arts	1
Just as an artist has a canvas on which to paint, cells have a membrane that serves as their "canvas" - it's the outer boundary of the cell and is responsible for keeping things in or out. The cell membrane is made up of two layers of phospholipids (fatty molecules) with proteins embedded in it, and this structure allows it to be both flexible and strong. The proteins allow different substances to move in and out of the cell while maintaining the overall balance of fluids inside and outside the cell.	cell membrane	Using an arts analogy, explain cell membrane.	ht	arts	1
Golgi body is like an artist's workshop. It is where new proteins are made and packaged for use in the cell.	golgi body	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi body.	ht	arts	1
The Golgi body is the final step in protein processing. It modifies and packages proteins into small sacs called vesicles. These vesicles are then sent to other parts of the cell, or even to different cells, where they release their contents.	golgi body	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi body.	ht	arts	0
The Golgi body is a bit like an art gallery. It's a place where unfinished works of art are stored and processed until they're ready to be displayed in the public eye. In the same way, the Golgi body stores and processes proteins until they're ready to be used by the cell.	golgi body	Using an arts analogy, explain golgi body.	ht	arts	1
A capacitor is like a container of water. The more water there is in the container, the more capacitance it has. Just as with an electrical circuit, adding capacitance to a system will help store energy and regulate current flow.	capacitance	Using an arts analogy, explain capacitance.	ht	arts	1
Capacitance is a measure of how much electrical charge can be stored in an object. It is measured in farads (F). Capacitors are used to store energy and release it when needed.	capacitance	Using an arts analogy, explain capacitance.	ht	arts	0
A capacitor is a device used to store electric energy in an electric field. It consists of two conducting plates separated by a nonconducting material, called the dielectric. The greater the separation between the plates and the higher the voltage applied to them, the more capacitance they will have. Capacitors are usually measured in Farads.	capacitance	Using an arts analogy, explain capacitance.	ht	arts	0
Electric current is like a river of electricity that flows through wires. It can power lights and appliances, and it can also be dangerous if you're not careful.	electric current	Using an arts analogy, explain electric current.	ht	arts	1
Electric current is much like the flow of water in a river. Just as the amount and direction of the water's flow can be used to power machines, electric current can be harnessed to do work. In both cases, there must be a continuous source of energy (the sun or a dam) to keep things moving.	electric current	Using an arts analogy, explain electric current.	ht	arts	1
Electric current is the flow of electricity. Just as water flows through a river, electric current flows through a wire. The faster the water flows, the stronger the current will be.	electric current	Using an arts analogy, explain electric current.	ht	arts	1
Just as an artist's canvas or sketchbook is blank until it's filled with color and form, a circuit's voltage is zero until electrical current begins to flow. Voltage is the "pressure" that causes electricity to move through a conductor (like metal wires), making lights glow, motors spin, and all sorts of devices do their thing.	voltage	Using an arts analogy, explain voltage.	ht	arts	1
Voltage is the difference in electrical potential between two points. It is what makes current flow, and it can be likened to water pressure. Just as a higher water pressure will cause more water to flow through a pipe than a lower pressure, a greater voltage will cause more current to flow through an electrical circuit.	voltage	Using an arts analogy, explain voltage.	ht	arts	1
The voltage is the difference in electrical potential between two points. It is what causes current to flow through a circuit.	voltage	Using an arts analogy, explain voltage.	ht	arts	0
In a cell, communication is the process that allows different parts of the cell to share information with each other. This communication can be in the form of chemical signals, or it can be through physical contact between different parts of the cell. Specialization refers to the fact that different parts of the cell have specific functions, and they rely on communication to carry out these functions.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an arts analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	ht	arts	0
In an art class, a student may specialize in painting, while another specializes in sculpture. Both students will likely be able to communicate with each other about their work, and even collaborate on projects. However, they are not expected to be experts in the other person's field of study. In the same way, cells specialize in different tasks such as secreting enzymes or taking up oxygen from the air. However, all cells must be able to communicate with each other in order to coordinate activities and maintain cellular health.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an arts analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	ht	arts	1
A musician who specializes in playing the cello is able to communicate with other musicians through their mutual understanding of music. Cells specialize in different tasks, such as secreting proteins or taking in nutrients, and they are able to communicate with one another through chemical signals. These signals allow cells to coordinate their activities and respond to changes in the environment.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an arts analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.	ht	arts	1
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to the way a composer arranges notes on a sheet of music. Just as the composer must ensure that all the notes played together create a harmonious sound, so too must electrical engineers ensure that all of the voltages in an electrical circuit are in balance.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an arts analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	ht	arts	1
In electrical engineering, Kirchhoff's voltage law (KVL) is a statement of the principle that the sum of the voltages around any closed loop in an electrical circuit is zero.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an arts analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	ht	arts	0
Kirchhoff's Voltage Law states that the algebraic sum of all voltages in a closed loop is zero. This means that the voltage at any point in a circuit is equal to the sum of the voltages of all the components connected to it.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an arts analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.	ht	arts	0
A density wave is like a soundwave that travels through the air. It starts out as a small disturbance and then gets bigger and bigger until it reaches its peak. After that, it slowly dies down until it disappears completely.	nature of a density wave	Using an arts analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	ht	arts	1
A density wave is like a crowd of people moving through a room. The people are all moving at the same speed and in the same direction.	nature of a density wave	Using an arts analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	ht	arts	1
A density wave can be thought of as a traveling ripple or vibration in a medium. It is an oscillation of the number of particles per unit volume. The wave moves through the medium, pushing and pulling on the particles as it goes.	nature of a density wave	Using an arts analogy, explain nature of a density wave.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like the paint brushes of the cell. They allow the cells to interact with their environment and create new molecules. Enzymes are very specific in what they do, so each one has a different job to do in the cell.	enzymes	Using an arts analogy, explain enzymes.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like the paint and canvas of a painting. The enzymes provide the structure and catalyze the chemical reactions, while the substrate is the paint that is used to create the image.	enzymes	Using an arts analogy, explain enzymes.	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like the paintbrushes and easels of the cell. They are responsible for creating and shaping proteins, which are the building blocks of life. Enzymes can be found in all living things and they play a crucial role in almost every biochemical process that occurs within cells.	enzymes	Using an arts analogy, explain enzymes.	ht	arts	1
The human active memory system can be compared to an artist's palette. The artist has a variety of colors to choose from and can mix them together to create new shades. In the same way, our memories are made up of different bits and pieces that we can combine and recombine in different ways.	human active memory system	Using an arts analogy, explain human active memory system.	ht	arts	1
The human active memory system can be thought of as an artist's studio. The artist has a variety of paints, brushes, and other tools at her disposal. She can select the colors and instruments she needs to create her masterpiece. Similarly, the human brain has many different regions that allow it to store memories. The hippocampus is like the artist's palette; it contains many different colors and flavors of memory. Other parts of the brain act like paintbrushes, allowing us to access our memories whenever we need them.	human active memory system	Using an arts analogy, explain human active memory system.	ht	arts	1
Just as an artist has a canvas on which to create a work of art, the human active memory system provides a space for individuals to store and recall information. The artist's canvas is blank until they begin creating their artwork using various tools - such as paintbrushes, pencils, or charcoal. Similarly, the human active memory system is inactive until individuals begin storing and recalling information. This can be done by utilizing different encoding strategies - such as verbalizing new information or picturing it in your mind's eye. Once encoded, this information can be stored in short-term memory (the "canvas"), where it can be accessed and used briefly. If needed, this information can then be transferred to long-term memory (the "art gallery"), where it will be stored permanently.	human active memory system	Using an arts analogy, explain human active memory system.	ht	arts	1
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the overall reaction. This means that it is the step that determines how fast the reaction will proceed.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an arts analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	ht	arts	0
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the overall reaction. The rate of a reaction is determined by how quickly this slowest step can occur.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an arts analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	ht	arts	0
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the overall reaction. This step determines how quickly the entire reaction will take place.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an arts analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.	ht	arts	0
Column chromatography is like an artist using a paintbrush to paint a picture. The artist starts with a blank canvas and dips the brush into some paint. He or she then starts painting the picture by making strokes with the brush. The more strokes that are made, the darker the painting becomes. Column chromatography works in a similar way. A sample is placed in a column, and then a solvent is slowly added to it. Gradually, the components of the sample start to move through the column and become separated from each other. The moresolvent that is added,the further apart the components become.	column chromatography	Using an arts analogy, explain column chromatography.	ht	arts	1
Column chromatography separates compounds by their relative affinities for a stationary phase (a solid or liquid) and a mobile phase (a liquid). In column chromatography, the stationary phase is packed into a narrow tube or column. The mobile phase is then passed through the column, allowing the different compounds to be separated based on how strongly they are attracted to each of the two phases.	column chromatography	Using an arts analogy, explain column chromatography.	ht	arts	0
Column chromatography is like a giant easel with many, many tubes of paint in different colors. It is used to separate mixtures into their individual components. The mixture is put into the top of the column and then a solvent (the paint) is slowly poured down over it. The various compounds in the mixture will travel at different speeds through the column, depending on how soluble they are in the solvent. At the bottom of the column there is a collection tube where each component can be collected separately.	column chromatography	Using an arts analogy, explain column chromatography.	ht	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is the state in which a reaction occurs at the same rate as it is reversed, so that there is no net change in concentration of the reactants or products.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an arts analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	ht	arts	0
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a painting that is always in flux, but at any given point the painting looks complete. The individual molecules are constantly moving about, but at any given moment they are all in the right place and it appears to be static.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an arts analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	ht	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a song that has been played so many times that the notes are no longer distinguishable from one another. The molecules in a system at dynamic equilibrium have reached a point where they are no longer moving around and changing their positions.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an arts analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is a small, membrane-bound sac that forms in the cytoplasm of cells. It is filled with water or other substances and helps to maintain the shape of the cell.	vacuole	Using an arts analogy, explain vacuole.	ht	arts	0
A vacuole is like an artist's canvas. It is a space where the artist can put their ideas and thoughts. The artist can use the canvas to create new works of art or to change old ones.	vacuole	Using an arts analogy, explain vacuole.	ht	arts	1
A vacuole is like an artist's palette. It is a container of paints that the artist can use to create a work of art. The colors on the palette are mixed together to create new colors. In the same way, the contents of the vacuole are mixed together to create new substances.	vacuole	Using an arts analogy, explain vacuole.	ht	arts	1
An analogy for transport vesicles would be an artist's canvas and paint. The canvas is the transport vesicle, and the paint is the cargo being transported. just as an artist uses a canvas to apply paint to create a work of art, cells use transport vesicles to shuttle cargo (such as proteins) around their interior.	transport vesicles	Using an arts analogy, explain transport vesicles.	ht	arts	1
Transport vesicles are like an artist's canvas - they provide a surface on which cargo can be transported. The cargo is carried within the transport vesicle and then released when the vesicle reaches its destination.	transport vesicles	Using an arts analogy, explain transport vesicles.	ht	arts	1
One way to think about transport vesicles is to analogy them to a bus. The cell membrane is the curb and the proteins on the surface of the membrane are the stop signs. The vesicle is like a bus that stops at each protein, picks up its passengers (molecules), and then continues on its way until it reaches its final destination (another protein).	transport vesicles	Using an arts analogy, explain transport vesicles.	ht	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the painters of a painting. They can make beautiful things, but if they go too far, they can also create something ugly. proto-oncogenes are normal genes that can become cancerous if they are mutated and start to produce too much protein.	proto-oncogenes	Using an arts analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	ht	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the directors of an arts organization. They direct the activities of other genes and help to control when and how cells grow and divide. proto-oncogenes can become oncogenes if they mutate and start to cause cancerous growths.	proto-oncogenes	Using an arts analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	ht	arts	1
Proto-oncogenes are like the directors of a play. They tell other genes when to turn on and off, and they help control how cells grow and divide. Normally, proto-oncogenes keep cell growth under control. But if something goes wrong and these genes become mutated, they can start telling cells to grow out of control, leading to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using an arts analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.	ht	arts	1
Oncogenes are genes that can cause cancer. They are sometimes called proto-oncogenes because they can become oncogenes if they are mutated.	oncogenes	Using an arts analogy, explain oncogenes.	ht	arts	0
Oncogenes are like the conductor of an orchestra. They're responsible for telling the cells when to grow and divide. But sometimes, oncogenes can go a little too crazy, leading to cancerous growths.	oncogenes	Using an arts analogy, explain oncogenes.	ht	arts	1
An oncogene is like a musician in a symphony orchestra. The musician has the ability to make beautiful music, but if something goes wrong, they can also cause chaos. Oncogenes are genes that have the potential to cause cancer when they're mutated or expressed at high levels.	oncogenes	Using an arts analogy, explain oncogenes.	ht	arts	1
Just as an artist might use a variety of colors and techniques to create a painting, tumor suppressor genes work together to keep cells functioning normally. They help to prevent tumors from forming by stopping cells from growing and dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an arts analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	ht	arts	1
If you think of genes as the instruments in an orchestra, then tumor suppressor genes would be the conductor. They make sure all the other genes are working together and doing their jobs properly. If something goes wrong and a gene starts to act out of control, the tumor suppressor gene can step in and stop it.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an arts analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	ht	arts	1
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep cells from growing and dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way, which can lead to cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an arts analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.	ht	arts	1
Software can be seen as an art form - it's created with a specific goal in mind, and takes time and effort to perfect. However, just like any other type of art, software can also be brittle. This means that it's easily broken or damaged, and doesn't respond well to changes or new demands. In order to make software less brittle, you need to put in extra time and effort to ensure that it's flexibility and durability are both high.	brittle software	Using an arts analogy, explain brittle software.	ht	arts	1
The software is brittle if a small change in one part of the system causes a large change in another part of the system. The system is not very flexible, and it is difficult to make changes without causing problems.	brittle software	Using an arts analogy, explain brittle software.	ht	arts	0
If software is compared to a ceramic vase, then brittle software would be one that could easily shatter or break into pieces with very little force. This is generally not desirable in software as it can lead to unexpected and difficult-to-debug errors.	brittle software	Using an arts analogy, explain brittle software.	ht	arts	1
If you think of atoms as guitar strings, and the electron shells as different notes on those strings, then you can see how resonance hybridization works. When two or more electrons occupy the same energy level (ie. they are playing the same note on the string), they will hybridize together to create a new resonant note. This is what happens in molecules with multiple double bonds - all of the electrons involved in making those double bonds end up sharing the same energy level, so they all hybridize together to create one big resonance hybrid molecule.	resonance hybrid	Using an arts analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	ht	arts	1
In an analogy with arts, resonance hybrid can be seen as a type of sculpture. It is made by taking several pieces of metal or other materials and welding them together. The welds are then ground down so that the different pieces blend seamlessly into one another. This creates a new object that is stronger than any of the individual components. In the same way, resonance hybridization occurs when two or more atomic orbitals merge to form a new orbital with properties that are not found in any of the original orbitals.	resonance hybrid	Using an arts analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	ht	arts	1
In physics, resonance hybrid is an atomic or molecular orbital description of a chemical bond in which two or more electron orbitals are combined to form one larger orbital. This results in a lower energy for the system as a whole.	resonance hybrid	Using an arts analogy, explain resonance hybrid.	ht	arts	0
In wave mechanics, each particle in a medium vibrates about its equilibrium position. This vibration creates a series of waves that travel through the medium. The speed at which these waves travel is determined by the elasticity and density of the medium.	wave mechanical model	Using an arts analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	ht	arts	0
One way to think of a wave mechanical model is as an artist's canvas. The model consists of rows and columns of squares, with each square representing a particle. The particles are connected by springs, and the waves propagate through the system by traveling along the springs.	wave mechanical model	Using an arts analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	ht	arts	1
The wave mechanical model is similar to waves in a pond. The energy of the wave travels through the water, and as it moves along, it causes the surface of the water to move up and down. This movement creates small ripples that spread out from where the wave started. In much the same way, waves of energy travel through atoms and molecules, causing them to vibrate. These vibrations create tiny packets of energy called quanta, which are responsible for the light and heat we see and feel.	wave mechanical model	Using an arts analogy, explain wave mechanical model.	ht	arts	1
An electroencephalogram, or EEG, is a measure of the electrical activity in your brain. Just like an ECG measures the electrical activity of your heart, an EEG measures the electrical activity of your brain. This test can help doctors see if you have any problems with your brain function.	electroencephalogram	Using an arts analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	ht	arts	1
An electroencephalogram is an image of the brain's electrical activity. It records the rhythmic firing of neurons in the brain.	electroencephalogram	Using an arts analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	ht	arts	0
An electroencephalogram, or EEG, is like a map of the brain's electrical activity. It records the tiny voltage changes that occur when brain cells communicate with each other.	electroencephalogram	Using an arts analogy, explain electroencephalogram.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication is like a painter creating a duplicate of a painting. The painter takes the original painting and copies it, creating an identical copy. DNA replication works in a similar way. The genetic information in DNA is copied, resulting in two identical strands of DNA.	dna replication	Using an arts analogy, explain dna replication.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a duplicate of his or her work. The original piece is the DNA, and the copy is the RNA.	dna replication	Using an arts analogy, explain dna replication.	ht	arts	1
DNA replication is like a painter copying a painting. The painter takes the original painting and makes a copy of it by using the same colors, strokes, and techniques. DNA replication works in a similar way; the genetic information in DNA is copied so that each new cell has its own set of instructions.	dna replication	Using an arts analogy, explain dna replication.	ht	arts	1
Just as an author writes a story and a musician composes music, RNA transcription is the process of creating new RNA molecules from DNA templates. This involves reading the genetic code in the DNA sequence and assembling the corresponding RNA molecule.	rna transcription	Using an arts analogy, explain rna transcription.	ht	arts	1
Rna transcription is similar to an artist transferring a picture from one medium to another. The artist starts with a blank canvas and uses paint to create the image. The rna molecule is like the canvas and the genetic information is like the image. The rna polymerase enzyme is like the painter, it creates new rna molecules by copying the genetic information from DNA.	rna transcription	Using an arts analogy, explain rna transcription.	ht	arts	1
Just as a musician needs sheet music to play a song, the genetic instructions for making proteins are stored in DNA. To make a protein, the information encoded in DNA is first transcribed into RNA (ribonucleic acid). The RNA molecule then serves as a template for assembling the protein.	rna transcription	Using an arts analogy, explain rna transcription.	ht	arts	1
The protein translation process can be thought of as an artist painting a picture. The artist begins with a blank canvas and selects the colors they will use to create their masterpiece. In the same way, the cellular machinery involved in protein synthesis starts with an empty space called a mRNA template. This template is used to select the correct amino acids that will form the new protein molecule. Like an artist mixing different colors together on their palette, these amino acids are brought together and linked to form the new protein chain.	protein translation	Using an arts analogy, explain protein translation.	ht	arts	1
The process of translating a protein from its DNA sequence into the corresponding amino acid sequence is analogous to an artist taking a picture with a camera. The genetic code (the DNA) is like the photographic negative, and each set of three nucleotides (codons) corresponds to one specific amino acid. During translation, ribosomes "read" the codons on the mRNA molecule and use them as instructions to build a protein chain.	protein translation	Using an arts analogy, explain protein translation.	ht	arts	1
The process of protein translation can be thought of as an orchestra playing a symphony. The musicians (the proteins) are reading the sheet music (the genetic code) and playing their parts accordingly. The conductor (the ribosome) is ensuring that everything runs smoothly and on time.	protein translation	Using an arts analogy, explain protein translation.	ht	arts	1
In ecology, an ecosystem is a community of living organisms and their physical environment.	ecosystem	Using an arts analogy, explain ecosystem.	ht	arts	0
An ecosystem is a community of different species of living organisms and their physical environment. The term can be used to refer to any unit that comprises a community of interacting organisms and their physical environment, including marine ecosystems, forest ecosystems, and agroecosystems.	ecosystem	Using an arts analogy, explain ecosystem.	ht	arts	0
An ecosystem is like an orchestra. The different instruments (species) all work together to create a beautiful symphony (balance). If one of the instruments is missing or playing out of tune, it can ruin the whole performance.	ecosystem	Using an arts analogy, explain ecosystem.	ht	arts	1
A musician might use the analogy of a guitarist plucking a string on her guitar. As she plucks the string, it vibrates and causes neighboring strings to vibrate as well. This is called propagation of sound waves. In much the same way, an action potential travels down a neuron by causing adjacent neurons to fire as well.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an arts analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	ht	arts	1
When an action potential is initiated at the axon hillock, it travels down the neuron in a process called saltatory conduction. This occurs because voltage-sensitive sodium channels open and allow positively charged Na+ ions to flow into the neuron. This creates an electrical current that propagates down the neuron. The influx of Na+ ions also causes the membrane potential to become more positive (depolarized), which in turn opens more voltage-sensitive sodium channels. This positive feedback loop increases the speed of propagation until it reaches the terminal buttons, where it triggers neurotransmitter release.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an arts analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	ht	arts	0
Action potentials are similar to sound waves. They start at one point and spread out until they reach the end of the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an arts analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.	ht	arts	1
The breathing mechanism of frogs is similar to that of humans. Air enters the body through the nose and mouth, travels down the throat, and into the lungs. From there, it oxygenates the blood and is circulated throughout the body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an arts analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	ht	arts	1
When you breathe in, your lungs expand and take in air. The air travels down your throat and into your windpipe. The windpipe branches off into two tubes called bronchi, which lead to your lungs. Frogs have the same breathing mechanism as humans.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an arts analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	ht	arts	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. Air enters the body through the nose and mouth, travels down the throat into the lungs, and then exits through the ribcage. Frogs have a special way of breathing though; they can also take in air through their skin. This allows them to breathe even when their head is submerged underwater	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an arts analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.	ht	arts	1
The use of layers in architecture is similar to the way paint is applied to a canvas. The first layer, or primer, covers the surface and prepares it for the next layer. This might be a coat of white paint to create a blank canvas or a base color that will show through the top layers. The second layer is usually thicker and more colorful than the first. It might be an image of flowers overlaid on a green background or brightly colored stripes. Finally, the topmost layer provides details like shadows and highlights. A painting with multiple layers looks richer and more complex than one with just one color or brushstroke.	layered architecture	Using an arts analogy, explain layered architecture.	ht	arts	1
Like an onion, a layered architecture features multiple layers that can be peeled away one at a time. Each layer in the system serves a specific purpose and provides functionality to the higher-level layers above it. This modularity allows for greater flexibility and easier modification of the system as a whole.	layered architecture	Using an arts analogy, explain layered architecture.	ht	arts	1
An analogy for layered architecture would be like the different layers of paint on a canvas. The first layer is the base, and each additional layer is applied on top of the previous one. Each layer can be seen and affects the final outcome of the painting.	layered architecture	Using an arts analogy, explain layered architecture.	ht	arts	1
A limiting reactant is a substance that limits the amount of product that can be formed in a chemical reaction. The other reactants are called excess reactants.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an arts analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	ht	arts	0
A limiting reactant is the substance in a chemical reaction that limits the amount of product that can be formed. The excess reactant is the other substance in the reaction that's not used up by the time the limiting reactant is gone.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an arts analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	ht	arts	0
A limiting reactant is the one that's used up first in a chemical reaction. The excess reactant is the one that's leftover.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an arts analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.	ht	arts	0
A eukaryotic cell is like an orchestra. Each musician has their own part to play, but they all work together to create a beautiful piece of music. Eukaryotic cells are made up of smaller units called organelles, which each have their own specific function. The organelles work together to keep the cell alive and functioning.	eukaryotic cell	Using an arts analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	ht	arts	1
The eukaryotic cell is like an orchestra. It has many different parts that work together to create something beautiful. The nucleus is the conductor, and it tells the other parts what to do. The mitochondria are like the musicians, and they create the music. The cytoplasm is like the audience, and it listens to the music and enjoys it.	eukaryotic cell	Using an arts analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	ht	arts	1
Eukaryotic cells are like paintings because they have a lot of different colors and textures. Prokaryotic cells are more like sketches because they are mostly one color and don't have as many details.	eukaryotic cell	Using an arts analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.	ht	arts	1
The prokaryotic cell is like the canvas for an artist. It provides a basic structure that the artist can work with to create something new. In the same way, the prokaryotic cell provides a basic structure for proteins and other molecules to interact with one another and carry out important processes.	prokaryotic cell	Using an arts analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like an artist's canvas. The canvas provides a surface on which the artist can create their work. Likewise, a prokaryotic cell provides a surface on which genetic material can be expressed and proteins can be synthesized.	prokaryotic cell	Using an arts analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a canvas that an artist can use to create any type of artwork they desire. The artist has complete control over the canvas and can paint whatever they want on it. In the same way, a prokaryotic cell can be used to create any type of protein or molecule that is needed.	prokaryotic cell	Using an arts analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.	ht	arts	1
An operating system kernel is like the engine of a car. It's responsible for managing the resources of the computer and providing basic services to the applications that run on it.	operating systems kernel	Using an arts analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	ht	arts	1
The kernel is the engine of an arts organization. It provides the basic structure and functionality that allows everything else to work. The kernel determines how much money the organization has to spend, what kind of art it can make or support, and how it will be structured.	operating systems kernel	Using an arts analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	ht	arts	0
The kernel is the engine of a car. It's responsible for turning fuel into motion, and without it the car would just sit there. The same is true for an operating system - the kernel takes input from programs and drivers and turns it into output that the computer can understand.	operating systems kernel	Using an arts analogy, explain operating systems kernel.	ht	arts	1
A limiting reactant is a chemical that limits the amount of product that can be formed in a reaction. It is the substance that is completely used up first, and therefore determines how much of the other product can be made.	limiting reactant	Using an arts analogy, explain limiting reactant.	ht	arts	0
A limiting reactant is the reactant in a chemical reaction that controls how much product can be formed. The other reactants in the reaction will continue to combine until they all combine with the limiting reactant.	limiting reactant	Using an arts analogy, explain limiting reactant.	ht	arts	0
When you are making a painting, you might start with a white canvas. You can add different colors to the canvas, but if you keep adding more and more color it will eventually become too dark and the picture won't be very pretty. In the same way, when you are reacting chemicals together there is only so much space for them to occupy. If you add more of one chemical than the other, then the first one will run out and the reaction will stop. This is called a limiting reactant.	limiting reactant	Using an arts analogy, explain limiting reactant.	ht	arts	1
Helicase is the enzyme that unwinds and separates the two DNA strands. It does this by binding to the DNA molecule and then using its motor to literally spin it apart.	helicase	Using an arts analogy, explain helicase.	ht	arts	0
If you think of the helicase enzyme as a "spinning wheel" it can help to understand its role in replication. The helicase enzyme unwinds the DNA double helix so that each strand can be used as a template for replication.	helicase	Using an arts analogy, explain helicase.	ht	arts	1
Helicase is the enzyme responsible for unzipping the DNA double helix, making it possible for new genetic information to be copied. It works by unwinding one strand of DNA at a time and separating the nucleotides so that they can be replicated.	helicase	Using an arts analogy, explain helicase.	ht	arts	0
DNA replication binding proteins are like the directors of an opera. They help to make sure everything runs smoothly and that all the pieces fit together properly.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an arts analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	ht	arts	1
In replication, the binding proteins attach to specific regions of DNA called promoters. They help organize and stabilize the replication machinery as it assembles on the DNA molecule. The proteins also play a role in ensuring that only one copy of each gene is made during replication.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an arts analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	ht	arts	0
Dna replication binding proteins are like the art restorers of the dna world. Just as an artist's original painting may be harmed over time, so too can the dna molecule itself become damaged. The job of the replication binding protein is to help mend any breaks in the dna helix and keep things running smoothly so that accurate copies can be made.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an arts analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.	ht	arts	1
Ligase is the enzyme that joins two DNA strands together.	ligase	Using an arts analogy, explain ligase.	ht	arts	0
Ligase is the enzyme that joins two DNA strands together. It catalyzes the formation of a phosphodiester bond between the 5' carbon on one strand and the 3' carbon on the other strand.	ligase	Using an arts analogy, explain ligase.	ht	arts	0
Ligase is a type of enzyme that helps to join two DNA strands together. It does this by creating a covalent bond between the phosphate group on one strand and the sugar group on another, which links the two strands together.	ligase	Using an arts analogy, explain ligase.	ht	arts	0
Just as an artist needs a canvas, paints, and brushes to create a painting, a process controller needs input variables (such as temperature and pressure), controllers (such as PIDs), and actuators (such as valves) to control a process. The process control block is the diagrammatic representation of this hardware and software configuration.	process control block	Using an arts analogy, explain process control block.	ht	arts	1
A control block is like the conductor of an orchestra. He or she ensures that each musician plays their part at the right time and in the right way. In a similar way, a control block in computer programming coordinates the actions of different parts of a program so that it runs smoothly and correctly.	process control block	Using an arts analogy, explain process control block.	ht	arts	1
An analogy for process control block could be an orchestra. The conductor is in charge of the entire performance, ensuring that each musician plays their part at the right time and with the correct intensity. In a similar way, the process control block oversees all aspects of a manufacturing process, making sure everything runs smoothly and on schedule.	process control block	Using an arts analogy, explain process control block.	ht	arts	1
Encoding a message is much like translating it into another language. The sender takes the original message and encodes it using a specific code or set of symbols. This process makes the message more difficult to decipher for someone who doesn't know the code. The encoded message is then transmitted, usually over a communication channel such as the internet or telephone line. At the other end, the receiver uses an decoding algorithm to translate the coded symbols back into their original form.	message encoding	Using an arts analogy, explain message encoding.	ht	arts	1
Message encoding is the process of translating a message into a format that can be transmitted. This may involve changing the format of the original message, adding coding information to it, or both. The goal of encoding is to ensure that the message arrives intact and can be decoded properly.	message encoding	Using an arts analogy, explain message encoding.	ht	arts	0
Message encoding is the practice of transforming the original meaning of a message into something else. This can be done through various methods, including encryption and coding. Message encoding helps to ensure that messages are not easily understood by those who are not authorized to see them, while also protecting their privacy.	message encoding	Using an arts analogy, explain message encoding.	ht	arts	0
When you go to an art museum, you may see a painting of a woman with a green dress. The painting is made up of thousands of small dots. If you looked at the painting closely, you would see that each dot is different in color and size. The colors and sizes of the dots are what create the image of the woman. Receptor sites are like the individual dots in the painting. Each receptor site is unique in shape and size. When a drug attaches to a receptor site, it creates a new pattern that affects how the brain works.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an arts analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	ht	arts	1
When you take a drug, it binds to receptor sites on cells in your body. This interaction causes the drug to change how the cell behaves. The drug may make the cell produce more or less of certain proteins, which can affect things like how you feel or how well you digest food.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an arts analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	ht	arts	0
When you take an art class, the first step is to learn about the different tools and mediums that you will be working with. The same is true for drugs and receptor sites - in order to understand how they interact, you need to know what each one is capable of. Drugs are like brushes, while receptor sites are like canvas. Each drug has a unique set of properties, just as each brush has its own unique shape and texture. Some brushes are better suited for painting certain types of pictures than others. The same is true for drugs - some work better on certain types of receptor sites than others.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an arts analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like the director of an orchestra. They make sure that all of the different instruments are playing together correctly to create a beautiful melody.	monitor	Using an arts analogy, explain monitor.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like a piece of artwork that hangs on a wall. It is an object that people can look at and appreciate.	monitor	Using an arts analogy, explain monitor.	ht	arts	1
A monitor is a device that outputs an image onto a screen. It can be used to display text, images, or videos.	monitor	Using an arts analogy, explain monitor.	ht	arts	0
In computing, a central processing unit (CPU) is the electronic circuitry within a computer that carries out the instructions of a computer program by performing the basic arithmetical, logical, and input/output operations specified in the instructions.	cpu	Using an arts analogy, explain cpu.	ht	arts	0
The CPU is the "brain" of the computer. It processes all instructions and data that come into the system. The faster a CPU can process these items, the faster your computer will run.	cpu	Using an arts analogy, explain cpu.	ht	arts	0
A CPU is a bit like an orchestra conductor. The conductor tells the musicians when to play and how loudly, and ensures that everyone is playing together. In the same way, the CPU controls all of the computer's operations, telling each component what to do and when to do it.	cpu	Using an arts analogy, explain cpu.	ht	arts	1
The motherboard can be thought of as the canvas for an artist. It is the foundation that everything else is built on. In the same way, the motherboard provides a base for all of the other components in your computer.	motherboard	Using an arts analogy, explain motherboard.	ht	arts	1
The motherboard is the backbone of a computer. It connects all of the different parts of the computer together and allows them to communicate with each other.	motherboard	Using an arts analogy, explain motherboard.	ht	arts	0
A motherboard is the frame of a painting. It provides the structure on which everything else is built.	motherboard	Using an arts analogy, explain motherboard.	ht	arts	1
Ram is the act of pushing data from one computer memory to another.	ram	Using an arts analogy, explain ram.	ht	arts	0
Ramming is the act of using a blunt object to forcefully collide with an object. In the arts, it can be used as a metaphor to describe when an artist or creator makes a powerful and deliberate impact on their field or community.	ram	Using an arts analogy, explain ram.	ht	arts	0
Ram is a type of poetry that emphasizes the sound and rhythm of words more than their meaning.	ram	Using an arts analogy, explain ram.	ht	arts	0
A power supply unit, or PSU, is like the fuel tank for a car. It's what provides power to all of the other components in the system. A good PSU will provide clean and reliable power, while a bad one can cause all sorts of problems.	power supply unit	Using an arts analogy, explain power supply unit.	ht	arts	1
Just as an artist needs paints, brushes, and canvases to create a painting, a PC requires power supplies, wires, and connectors to function. The power supply unit (PSU) is the component of a PC that converts line voltage into regulated voltages required by the other components. It also provides currents necessary to run those components.	power supply unit	Using an arts analogy, explain power supply unit.	ht	arts	1
A power supply unit (PSU) is like the engine of a car. It takes AC voltage from the outlet in your house and converts it to DC voltage that your computer can use. The PSU also regulates the amount of power going to your computer, ensuring that it doesn't draw too much or too little current.	power supply unit	Using an arts analogy, explain power supply unit.	ht	arts	1
The keyboard is like a painter's palette, with each color represented by a key. When the musician presses a key, they are selecting the sound that will be played.	keyboard	Using an arts analogy, explain keyboard.	ht	arts	1
A keyboard is a musical instrument that is played by pressing keys on the front of the instrument. The keys are arranged in a certain order, and each key corresponds to a note on the scale. When you press down on a key, it strikes a metal bar inside the instrument, which causes a corresponding note to sound.	keyboard	Using an arts analogy, explain keyboard.	ht	arts	0
A keyboard is like a piano. It has keys that you press to make different sounds.	keyboard	Using an arts analogy, explain keyboard.	ht	arts	1
Mouse is like a conductor in an orchestra. They don't create the music themselves, but they help to control and guide the musicians to play together harmoniously.	mouse	Using an arts analogy, explain mouse.	ht	arts	1
Mouse is a tool that artists use to create and manipulate digital art. It allows them to zoom in and out, move around the canvas, and select different tools to apply color, texture, and other effects.	mouse	Using an arts analogy, explain mouse.	ht	arts	0
Mouse is an input device used to control the movement of a cursor on a computer screen.	mouse	Using an arts analogy, explain mouse.	ht	arts	0
An audio card is like a painter's palette. Just as a painter can mix different colors on his palette to create new hues, an audio card can combine different sound signals to produce new sounds.	audio card	Using an arts analogy, explain audio card.	ht	arts	1
An audio card is the equivalent of an artist's canvas and paint. It converts digital signals into sounds that we can hear.	audio card	Using an arts analogy, explain audio card.	ht	arts	1
An audio card is like a painter's palette. It allows the user to mix and match different sounds to create the perfect audio experience.	audio card	Using an arts analogy, explain audio card.	ht	arts	1
A video card is like a painter's canvas. The video card holds the image that is to be displayed on the monitor. The video card also determines how many colors are displayed and how clear the image will be.	video card	Using an arts analogy, explain video card.	ht	arts	1
A video card is like a painter's canvas. It is the surface that the artist uses to create their work.	video card	Using an arts analogy, explain video card.	ht	arts	1
A video card, also called a graphics card, is a type of computer hardware that outputs images and other visual information for display. It does this by translating digital data into signals that can be understood by a monitor or projector.	video card	Using an arts analogy, explain video card.	ht	arts	0
When a tree is first planted, it is assigned an age of 0. Every year thereafter, the tree's age is incremented by 1.	tree's age calculation	Using an arts analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	ht	arts	0
Tree's age calculation is very similar to the way an artist calculates how long it took them to complete a painting. The artist would start by measuring the length and width of the painting, then dividing those two numbers to find the square footage. They would then multiply that number by the number of hours it took them to complete the painting. This gives them an estimate for how long it took them to paint the entire picture. Tree does something very similar; they calculate their age by multiplying their height in meters by their diameter in meters, then divide that number by 1000. This tells us how many cubic meters of wood they've produced in their lifetime. Finally, we can subtract from that total the amount of wood that has been lost due to natural causes like rot or fire, and we have tree's approximate age	tree's age calculation	Using an arts analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	ht	arts	1
Artists often use the Golden Ratio to calculate the age of a tree. This is done by dividing the height of the tree by the width of its base. The result is usually around 1.6, which means that a tree is approximately one and a sixth times as old as it is wide.	tree's age calculation	Using an arts analogy, explain tree's age calculation.	ht	arts	0
Glycolysis is the process that breaks down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate.	glycolysis	Using an arts analogy, explain glycolysis.	ht	arts	0
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose in order to create adenosine triphosphate (ATP) and pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of cells and is used as an energy source for many cellular activities.	glycolysis	Using an arts analogy, explain glycolysis.	ht	arts	0
Glycolysis is the process by which glucose, a simple sugar, is broken down into two molecules of pyruvic acid. The energy released in this process is used to reform adenosine triphosphate (ATP), the body's main source of energy.	glycolysis	Using an arts analogy, explain glycolysis.	ht	arts	0
When light or any electromagnetic radiation interacts with a molecule, the energy of the radiation can be either absorbed by the molecule or scattered. When it is scattered, some of the energy is transferred to nearby molecules, which then scatter more of the energy in all directions. This process continues until all of the energy has been dissipated. Anti-stokes scattering is a type of scattering that occurs when a molecule scatters more energy in the opposite direction than was originally absorbed. It occurs when the frequency of the radiation matches one of the resonant frequencies of the molecule and results in an exchange of energy between them.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an arts analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	ht	arts	0
Anti-stokes scattering is similar to the way sound waves move away from a source. The energy of the light wave is pushing against the atoms in the material, and when the wave moves away from the atoms, it loses some of its energy. This causes the light waves to scatter in all directions, making the object look cloudy or opaque.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an arts analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	ht	arts	1
When light waves encounter an obstruction, they scatter in all directions. This is known as Raleigh scattering. With anti-stokes scattering, the scattered light waves are directed in the opposite direction of the original wave. This occurs when there is a decrease in intensity of the light wave.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an arts analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.	ht	arts	0
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light (or any other type of electromagnetic radiation) by particles that are much smaller than the wavelength of the radiation. The photons impart a small amount of energy to the particles, which then recoil and emit new photons in all directions. This process happens repeatedly as the photons pass through the particle cloud, resulting in a diffusion or spreading out of the light.	stokes scattering	Using an arts analogy, explain stokes scattering.	ht	arts	0
Stokes scattering is a type of scattering that occurs when light or other electromagnetic radiationinteracts with particles that are much smaller than the wavelength of the radiation. In stokes scattering,forward-scattered radiation is scattered in the same direction as the incident radiation, whileback-scattered radiation is scattered in the opposite direction. This phenomenon can beexplained using the example of a tennis ball being hit by a racquet. When the ball is hit, it scattersradiation (light) in all directions. However, most of the radiation will be scattered in such a waythat it travels away from where the ball was originally hit. Only a small amount of back-scatteredradiation will be directed towards where the ball was originally hit	stokes scattering	Using an arts analogy, explain stokes scattering.	ht	arts	1
Stokes scattering is the phenomena that occurs when light or other particles interact with a material in such a way as to cause them to change direction. This can be caused by the interaction of light with atoms or molecules in the material, which will cause the light to scatter in all directions.	stokes scattering	Using an arts analogy, explain stokes scattering.	ht	arts	0
The median lethal dose (LD) is the dosage of a poisonous substance that kills 50% of the test population. It is calculated by administering different dosages to a group of animals and observing which dosage kills half of them. This information can then be used to help determine the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using an arts analogy, explain median lethal dose.	ht	arts	0
A Median Lethal Dose, or LD50, is the dose of a toxin that kills 50% of the test population. It can be used to measure the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using an arts analogy, explain median lethal dose.	ht	arts	0
A median lethal dose, LD50, is the dose of a toxin required to kill half the members of a tested population within a specified time frame. In other words, it's the dosage that will cause death in 50% of those exposed to it.	median lethal dose	Using an arts analogy, explain median lethal dose.	ht	arts	1
The universe can be thought of as an immense work of art. It is composed of billions upon billions of stars, planets, and other astronomical objects. Each one is unique and beautiful in its own way.	universe	Using an arts analogy, explain universe.	ht	arts	1
The universe can be thought of as an immense work of art. It is full of color, texture, and variety. Each star is like a unique brushstroke in the sky, and each planet is a different shade of blue or green. The universe is constantly changing, with new stars being born and old ones dying out. It is a never-ending masterpiece that we are lucky enough to witness.	universe	Using an arts analogy, explain universe.	ht	arts	1
In the most basic sense, the universe can be thought of as an artist's canvas. It is a vast and seemingly infinite space in which everything exists. The universe is home to all matter and energy, as well as the laws that govern them. It has been expanding ever since it came into being billions of years ago and is expected to continue doing so for eons to come.	universe	Using an arts analogy, explain universe.	ht	arts	1
The enzyme mechanism is like an artist's brush. The artist's brush can create a masterpiece, but it needs the right kind of paint and the correct amount of pressure to do so. In the same way, enzymes need the correct substrate (the paint) and enough energy (pressure) to create something amazing.	enzyme mechanism	Using an arts analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	ht	arts	1
Enzyme mechanism is like an artist's brush. The enzyme is the brush and the substrate is the paint. The enzyme binds to the substrate and then starts to catalyze the reaction.	enzyme mechanism	Using an arts analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	ht	arts	1
Enzyme mechanism is like an artist's brush. The artist (enzyme) uses the brush to paint a picture on a canvas. The paint (substrate) is carried by the bristles of the brush and deposited where the artist wants it. In much the same way, enzymes use their "brush" (the active site) to guide substrates to specific locations on proteins where they can be converted into new products.	enzyme mechanism	Using an arts analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.	ht	arts	1
An ANOVA, or analysis of variance, is a statistical test that examines the difference between two or more means. It does this by partitioning the variability in the data into components attributable to different factors (in our example, treatment and error). This helps us understand which factors are responsible for any differences we see in the data.	anova	Using an arts analogy, explain anova.	ht	arts	0
ANOVA is an acronym for "Analysis of Variance." It's a technique used in statistics to compare the means of two or more groups.	anova	Using an arts analogy, explain anova.	ht	arts	0
An anova is a statistical analysis that tests the equality of three or more means. It does this by partitioning the total variability in the data into within-group and between-group components.	anova	Using an arts analogy, explain anova.	ht	arts	0
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. They make sure the temperature is just right.	thermostat	Using an arts analogy, explain thermostat.	ht	arts	1
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature in a room or building by turning on and off the heating or cooling unit as needed.	thermostat	Using an arts analogy, explain thermostat.	ht	arts	0
The thermostat is the device in your home that regulates the temperature. It senses whether the room is too hot or too cold and sends a signal to the furnace or air conditioner to turn on or off as needed.	thermostat	Using an arts analogy, explain thermostat.	ht	arts	0
Chemical equilibrium is like balance in an artwork. If there are too many colors on one side of the painting, it will be unbalanced and look messy. However, if the artist evenly distributes colors throughout the painting, it will appear balanced and harmonious. In the same way, chemical equilibrium occurs when there is a balance between the reactants and products in a reaction.	chemical equilibrium	Using an arts analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	ht	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium is like a balance between different artistic elements in a painting. For example, if there is too much blue in the painting, then it will look cold and uninviting. However, if there is too much red, the painting may seem angry or chaotic. In order to create a beautiful work of art, you need to find the perfect balance between these two colors. The same principle applies to chemical equilibrium – if there is too much of one substance present in a reaction, it will disrupt the balance and lead to an unwanted outcome. By adding just the right amount of each substance, you can maintain equilibrium and produce the desired result.	chemical equilibrium	Using an arts analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	ht	arts	1
Chemical equilibrium is like the point at which two musicians playing different notes together create a harmonic chord. The molecules in a chemical system reach equilibrium when the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. This allows the concentrations of reactants and products to stay constant over time.	chemical equilibrium	Using an arts analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.	ht	arts	1
An arts analogy for just-in-time would be a painter who finishes one painting just as he begins another. He does not have any paintings stored in his studio; he creates them as needed. This is very efficient because the painter is only working on two paintings at a time and he does not have to store any unfinished paintings.	just-in-time	Using an arts analogy, explain just-in-time.	ht	arts	1
Just-in-time is a business model that produces only what is needed, when it is needed. This eliminates waste and helps to keep costs low. It relies on a close relationship with suppliers who can provide the necessary materials just in time.	just-in-time	Using an arts analogy, explain just-in-time.	ht	arts	0
Just-in-time is a production philosophy that emphasizes the need to produce only what is needed, when it is needed. This approach aims to eliminate waste and ensure that products are not produced until they are ordered by customers.	just-in-time	Using an arts analogy, explain just-in-time.	ht	arts	0
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an artist's ability to adapt their creative work in response to the reactions of their audience. In the immune system, adaptive immunity is the process by which B cells and T cells respond to specific pathogens by creating tailored responses that remember how to recognize and fight that pathogen in future infections.	adaptive immunity	Using an arts analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	ht	arts	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an artist who is able to quickly adapt their work in response to feedback from the audience. In adaptive immunity, the body's white blood cells are constantly monitoring the environment for signs of infection or cancer. If they detect something unusual, they will produce specific antibodies to attack that invader. The advantage of adaptive immunity is that it can respond very quickly to new threats, such as a flu virus that has never been seen before.	adaptive immunity	Using an arts analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	ht	arts	1
Adaptive immunity is the process by which the immune system "learns" to recognize and respond to specific pathogens. This occurs through the activation of B cells and T cells, which leads to the production of antibodies and lymphocytes that specifically target those pathogens.	adaptive immunity	Using an arts analogy, explain adaptive immunity.	ht	arts	0
In an electric circuit, the current is analogous to the flow of water in a pipe. The voltage drop across a resistor is analogous to the pressure difference between two points in a pipe. Just as with water, the greater the pressure difference, the greater the flow of current.	ohm's law	Using an arts analogy, explain ohm's law.	ht	arts	1
Ohm's law is like a musician playing an instrument. If the musician wants to play louder, they need to use more energy (i.e., play harder). If the musician wants to play softer, they need to use less energy. Ohm's law is similar in that it determines how much current will flow through a circuit based on the voltage and resistance of that circuit.	ohm's law	Using an arts analogy, explain ohm's law.	ht	arts	1
In an electric circuit, the current is analogous to the flow of water in a pipe. The voltage (measured in volts) is equivalent to the water pressure, and the resistance (measured in ohms) is like the diameter of the pipe. Just as with water, increasing the voltage will cause more current to flow through a circuit; and just as with pipes, increasing the resistance will decrease the amount of current that flows.	ohm's law	Using an arts analogy, explain ohm's law.	ht	arts	1
Transcription is the process of turning a work of art into a set of instructions that can be followed to create a copy of the original artwork.	transcription	Using an arts analogy, explain transcription.	ht	arts	0
Transcription is like taking a painting and making a copy of it. The painter starts with a blank canvas and creates a work of art. A transcriptionist takes a recording (the painting) and creates another version of it, usually in written form.	transcription	Using an arts analogy, explain transcription.	ht	arts	1
Transcription is like an artist taking a picture of a person. The artist captures all the details of the person in the photograph. Transcription does the same thing with genetic information.	transcription	Using an arts analogy, explain transcription.	ht	arts	1
RNA polymerase is a bit like an artist. It takes the instructions from DNA (like a set of blueprints) and creates new RNA molecules (like paintings or sculptures).	rna polymerase	Using an arts analogy, explain rna polymerase.	ht	arts	1
RNA polymerase is the enzyme responsible for synthesizing RNA from ribonucleotides. It catalyzes the formation of a phosphodiester bond between the 3' end of one ribonucleotide and the 5' end of another, forming a strand of RNA.	rna polymerase	Using an arts analogy, explain rna polymerase.	ht	arts	0
Rna polymerase is the artist who paints the picture. The rna molecule is the canvas, and the nucleotides are the paint. Rna polymerase uses a set of rules (the genetic code) to put together the nucleotides in a specific order to create a new rna molecule.	rna polymerase	Using an arts analogy, explain rna polymerase.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the painters and sculptors of the cell. They take the instructions from DNA and create proteins.	ribosome	Using an arts analogy, explain ribosome.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are the little machines in our cells that build proteins. Just like a machine in a factory, ribosomes have many parts that work together to create something new.	ribosome	Using an arts analogy, explain ribosome.	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the paint brushes of a painter. They are responsible for taking the instructions from DNA and turning them into proteins.	ribosome	Using an arts analogy, explain ribosome.	ht	arts	1
The activator protein is like the conductor of an orchestra. It helps to activate other proteins and get them working together to do their job.	activator protein	Using an arts analogy, explain activator protein.	ht	arts	1
Activator protein is like the conductor of an orchestra. It helps to activate other proteins, which then help to carry out the cell's functions.	activator protein	Using an arts analogy, explain activator protein.	ht	arts	1
In an arts analogy, activator protein would be the director of a play. The activator protein is responsible for initiating and regulating the transcription of DNA into proteins. Without the activator protein, the genes would not be expressed and no proteins would be produced.	activator protein	Using an arts analogy, explain activator protein.	ht	arts	1
An electric circuit can be thought of as a system in which electrical energy is converted into other forms of energy, such as light or heat. The system has three basic components: a power source (such as a battery), conductors (wires), and a load (a lightbulb, for example). When the switch is turned on, current flows from the power source through the conductor to the load. This flow of electricity creates an electromagnetic field that lights up the bulb.	electric circuit	Using an arts analogy, explain electric circuit.	ht	arts	1
An electric circuit is like a set of pipes that carry water. The electrical current is like the water, and the wires are like the pipes.	electric circuit	Using an arts analogy, explain electric circuit.	ht	arts	1
Electricity is like water in a pipe. The current (flow of electricity) is like the water flow. Voltage is like the water pressure, and resistance is like the size of the pipe.	electric circuit	Using an arts analogy, explain electric circuit.	ht	arts	1
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in aqueous solutions. This occurs because polar molecules have a strong affinity for water and will orient themselves so that their polar ends are facing the water, while the nonpolar parts of the molecule are oriented away from the water. This leaves large areas of empty space surrounding the polar molecules, which can easily accommodate nonpolar molecules. The result is that nonpolar molecules tend to clump together, an effect known as self-assembly.	hydrophobic effect	Using an arts analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	ht	arts	0
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar substances to aggregate in water. In other words, it's the way that oil and water don't mix. The explanation for this phenomenon is electrostatic attraction between the polar water molecules and the nonpolar hydrocarbons.	hydrophobic effect	Using an arts analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	ht	arts	1
Water molecules are polar, and thus they are attracted to one another. This attraction is called the hydrogen bond. Nonpolar molecules, such as oil, are not attracted to water because they do not have polarity. The hydrophobic effect occurs when nonpolar molecules are surrounded by water. The water tries to push the nonpolar molecules away from itself, but the strong hydrogen bonds between the water molecules hold them together.	hydrophobic effect	Using an arts analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.	ht	arts	0
A musician might use a variety of instruments to create a musical masterpiece. Similarly, different proteins in our body work together to create signals that allow our cells to communicate with one another. These proteins are like the instruments in the musician's toolbox, and they play an important role in biological signal transduction.One type of protein that is often involved in signal transduction is called a receptor. Receptors can be found on the surface of cells, and they help relay messages from outside the cell to the inside. When a molecule binds to a receptor, it starts a chain reaction that results in cellular changes. This process is known as signaling, and it allows our cells to respond quickly to changes in their environment.Another type of protein that is essential for signal transduction is called an enzyme. Enzymes catalyze chemical reactions within our cells, and they are also involved in signal transduction pathways. By speeding up these reactions, enzymes help control how signals are transmitted from one cell to another.	biological signal transduction	Using an arts analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	ht	arts	1
One way to think of signal transduction is as the process that turns a whisper into a shout. In biological terms, this means taking the small signals created by hormones or other molecules and amplifying them so they can be heard throughout the body. This is done through a series of steps, known as a pathway, in which each step amplify the signal before passing it on to the next one. The resulting cascade of biochemical events ultimately triggers some response, such as muscle contraction or release of a hormone.	biological signal transduction	Using an arts analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	ht	arts	1
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as the process by which an artist transforms a blank canvas into a masterpiece. Just as the artist uses various tools and techniques to create their work of art, cells use proteins and other molecules to convert incoming signals into responses. This process is essential for regulating cellular functions and coordinating activities within the body.	biological signal transduction	Using an arts analogy, explain biological signal transduction.	ht	arts	1
Nadh is like the oil that helps an engine run smoothly. It is not seen, but it is essential for the engine to run properly.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A protein is like a brick. It is a small, but important part of a larger structure.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. It contains all of the instructions for putting the cake together.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain glycogen to an arts student would be to compare it to a battery. Glycogen is like a battery because it stores energy in a small space. The battery analogy is also good because it is easy to understand.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory inside the cell. It produces proteins and other molecules that the cell needs.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain golgi to an arts student would be to compare it to a film producer. The golgi apparatus is responsible for taking the raw footage (the dna and rna) and editing it into a finished product (the proteins).	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a sheet of Saran Wrap that covers a bowl of Jell-O. The Saran Wrap is the plasma membrane and the Jell-O is the cytoplasm. The Saran Wrap prevents the Jell-O from spilling out of the bowl.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A lysosome is like a recycling bin in your house. It is a small organelle in the cell that breaks down old or damaged proteins and recycles them into new proteins.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling plant of the cell. They take in old, damaged proteins and molecules and break them down into their component parts. These parts are then reused to make new, healthy proteins and molecules.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Mitochondria are like the batteries in a car. They provide the energy that the car needs to run.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A chloroplast is like a green pigment factory inside a plant cell. The chloroplast uses sunlight to convert water and carbon dioxide into glucose and oxygen. The glucose is used by the plant to make energy and the oxygen is released into the air.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to hold the cells together and gives them their shape.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Atp is to the arts student as gasoline is to the car. It is the fuel that allows the student to create and perform.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
NADPH is like the "fuel" that helps the artist create their work. It is necessary for the production of new cells, including the cells that produce pigment in the skin.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A peroxysome is a small organelle in the cell that is responsible for breaking down hydrogen peroxide into water and oxygen. It is similar to a small factory in the cell that produces oxygen.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain mytochondria to an arts student would be to compare it to a musician's practice room. Just as a musician needs a place to practice their music, cells need a place to practice their functions. Mytochondria are the cells that provide energy to the rest of the cell, similar to how a musician's practice room provides them with the energy they need to play their instrument.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Just as magnets have a north and south pole, electric charges have a positive and negative pole. Opposite poles attract each other, while like poles repel each other.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a musician's stage. Just as a musician can perform in different parts of the stage, a hydrogen electron can be found in different parts of its orbital.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain the first line of defense in the body to an arts student would be to compare it to the security guard at a bank. The security guard is the first line of defense against potential robbers, and he or she is responsible for preventing anyone from getting close to the bank's money. Similarly, the first line of defense in the body is responsible for preventing any potential invaders, such as bacteria or viruses, from entering the body and causing harm.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A macrophage is a large white blood cell that is responsible for engulfing and digesting bacteria, dead cells, and other debris. It is like a vacuum cleaner for the body, constantly cleaning up the mess.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain t-helper cells to an arts student would be to compare them to the staff of an orchestra. The t-helper cells are responsible for directing and coordinating the activities of the other cells in the immune system.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student would be to compare them to the staff of a symphony orchestra. Just as the staff directs the orchestra and makes sure that each musician is playing their part correctly, b-lymphocytes direct the immune response by activating other immune cells and producing antibodies.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte is like a sniper. It is very precise and can kill only the cells that it is targeting.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain invasion of bacteria to an arts student would be to compare it to an army invading a country. The bacteria are like the soldiers, and they are invading the cells in the body (the country) in order to survive and grow.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain action potential to an arts student is to think of the neuron as a microphone. When the microphone is turned on, it is ready to pick up sound. When the sound hits the microphone, it sends an electrical signal to the amplifier. The amplifier then sends a signal to the speaker, which makes the sound louder. In the same way, when a neuron is turned on, it is ready to pick up a signal. When the signal hits the neuron, it sends an electrical signal to the next neuron.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain the experiment of chromatography to an arts student would be to compare it to a painting. Just as a painter uses different colors to create a painting, a chromatographer uses different colors (or molecules) to create a chromatogram.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A star's main-sequence lifetime is like the lifespan of a typical person. The star's initial brightness is like a person's physical appearance at birth, and the star's eventual brightness is like a person's appearance at the end of their life.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A nucleus is like a director or a producer in the arts world. They are in charge of the overall production and make sure everything runs smoothly.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the construction workers of the cell. They build the proteins that the cell needs to function.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A golgi apparatus can be thought of as a kind of post office for the cell. It receives packages of proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, sorts them, and sends them off to their destinations.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. They digest things that the cell needs, like old proteins.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A nuclear envelope is like a coat of paint that covers the nucleus of a cell. It is made up of two membranes that surround the nucleus and keep the DNA inside.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain vacuoles to an arts student would be to compare them to a balloon. Just as a balloon can be filled with air or water, vacuoles can be filled with different substances depending on the cell.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain cytoplasm to an arts student would be to compare it to paint. Just as paint is used to cover a canvas and create a work of art, cytoplasm is used to cover the cell membrane and create a cell.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A chromosome is like a library book. It has a lot of information inside it that is used by the cell.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A cytosol analogy for an arts student would be to think of it as a large container of paint. The paint can be mixed and used to create different colors. The cytosol is the same way - it is a mix of different proteins and molecules that can be used to create different cells.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A cell is like a small factory. It has workers who do different jobs to keep the cell running. The cell also has a boss who tells the workers what to do.	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is filled with a liquid or gas and has a thin membrane that separates it from the surrounding area.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A cell wall can be thought of as a brick wall. The cell wall is a protective barrier that surrounds the cell and helps to keep the cell's contents in.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Cells are like the bricks that make up a house. The bricks are the cells and the house is the organism.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A cell membrane is like a coat of paint. It is a thin layer that coats the outside of the cell and helps protect it.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A golgi body is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from other parts of the cell, processes them, and sends them out to other parts of the cell.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A capacitor is a bit like a water balloon. It can store a lot of energy, like the water in the balloon, until it's ready to release it. When you squeeze the balloon, the water inside is forced out. In the same way, when you apply a voltage to a capacitor, it forces the electrons inside to move.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Electric current is like a river of electricity flowing through a wire. Just as a river can power a boat to travel downstream, electric current can power devices that use electricity.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A voltage is like a water pressure. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spurt water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A cell is like a small city. The cell has different parts that specialize in different tasks, just like a city has different parts that specialize in different tasks (e.g. police, firefighters, teachers, construction workers, etc.). The cell also needs a way to communicate with all of its parts, just like a city needs a way to communicate with all of its parts.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain Kirchhoff's voltage law to an arts student is to imagine a group of people in a room. If one person in the room starts clapping, then the rest of the people in the room will start clapping too. This is because the clapping energy is spreading throughout the room. The same thing happens with electricity. If there is a voltage in one part of a circuit, then the voltage will spread throughout the circuit.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. The people are all moving at the same speed and in the same direction.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are like tiny robots that help us digest food and turn it into energy.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to an arts student?	lt	arts	0
A human active memory system can be compared to a computer's active memory system. Just as a computer's active memory system stores the programs and data that are currently being used, a human's active memory system stores the information that is currently being used. The human active memory system is also responsible for retrieving information that has been stored in the past.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student is the difference between a fast and slow runner. The fast runner is the rate-determining step of the race. The slow runner can still run the race, but it will take them longer to finish.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Column chromatography is like a giant slide that a scientist can use to separate different colors of paint. The scientist can put a little of each color of paint on the slide and then use water to wash the paint down the slide. The water will carry the different colors of paint away from each other, and the scientist can see which colors are the most concentrated at the bottom of the slide.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student is to think of it as a balance scale. On one side of the scale, there are substances that are in a state of equilibrium (equal amounts of reactants and products). On the other side of the scale, there are substances that are not in equilibrium (not equal amounts of reactants and products). The scale is always in balance, so the substances on either side of the scale are always changing.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain vacuole to an arts student would be to compare it to a balloon. The balloon is filled with air and has a thin skin. The air inside the balloon is the vacuole and the skin of the balloon is the cell membrane.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to an arts student would be to compare them to a bus. The transport vesicles would be the bus, and the cells would be the people who are getting on and off the bus. The transport vesicles would be responsible for transporting the cells from one place to another.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A proto-oncogene is like a musician who has the potential to become a rock star. They have the ability to create amazing music, but they haven't reached their full potential yet. If they are given the right opportunities and encouragement, they could become a superstar. However, if they are not given the right opportunities, they may never reach their full potential.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to an arts student would be to compare them to a virus. Just as a virus can cause a computer to crash, oncogenes can cause cancer cells to grow and divide out of control.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a security guard at a bank. The security guard is always watching the bank and if someone tries to rob the bank, the security guard will stop them. Tumor suppressor genes are always watching for cancer cells and if they see any, they will stop them from growing.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain brittle software to an arts student is to compare it to a ceramic vase. Just like a ceramic vase, brittle software is easily broken and difficult to fix.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to an arts student is to think of the different orbitals in an atom as seats in a theater. The electrons in an atom can be thought of as people who go to the theater to watch a movie. The seats in the theater are like the orbitals in an atom. The people in the theater can be thought of as the electrons in an atom. The people in the theater can move around and sit in any seat they want. The electrons in an atom can move around and sit in any orbital they want.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as an artist's canvas. Just as an artist can create different images by painting on different parts of a canvas, the wave mechanical model can create different images by painting on different parts of the electron cloud.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to an arts student is to compare it to a musical score. Just as a composer creates a musical score to direct a musician's performance, an electroencephalogram records the electrical activity of the brain to direct a clinician's interpretation.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain DNA replication to an arts student is to think of DNA as a recipe. The recipe is written down on a piece of paper and it tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. When you make the recipe, you follow the instructions and you end up with a dish that is similar to the one that is written on the paper. DNA is like a recipe for a living organism. The instructions are written down in the DNA and they tell the cells how to put together the proteins that make up the organism.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
One way to think of transcription is as if the artist is painting a picture. The artist has a blank canvas and starts with a white canvas. The artist then starts to paint the picture by adding different colors to the canvas. The artist then continues to paint the picture by adding more and more details to the canvas. In the same way, the rna polymerase starts with a blank piece of rna and starts to add the different nucleotides to the rna. The rna polymerase then continues to add more and more nucleotides to the rna.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A protein is like a sentence. The sentence has a beginning, a middle, and an end. The beginning is the protein's gene, the middle is the protein's sequence of amino acids, and the end is the protein's three-dimensional shape.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain ecosystem to an arts student would be to compare it to a theater production. Just as each actor in a play has a specific role to play, each organism in an ecosystem has a specific role to play. The ecosystem as a whole is also affected by the environment in which it exists. Just as the lighting and set design in a theater can affect the performance, the climate and geography of an ecosystem can affect the organisms that live there.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student is to imagine a long string of Christmas lights. If you touch one light, the whole string lights up. This is similar to how an action potential travels down a neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs work like ours, and the frog also has a diaphragm that helps it breathe.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain layered architecture to an arts student is to think of a cake. The cake has many layers, and each layer is a different flavor. The cake is held together by frosting, which is the same throughout the cake. The frosting is the same as the cake's foundation, and it is what holds the cake together.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student is to think of a cake recipe. The recipe calls for two cups of sugar, but if you only have one cup of sugar, the cake will not be as sweet as it could be. The sugar is the limiting reactant. If you have more sugar than the recipe calls for, the cake will be too sweet. The sugar is the excess reactant.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A eukaryotic cell is like a large, complex building. The cell has many different rooms, each with a specific purpose, and all of the rooms are connected. The cell also has a staff of workers who keep it running smoothly.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, independent town. The town has all the basic needs, such as a grocery store, post office, and schools. But it doesn't have any of the luxuries of a big city, such as a hospital or movie theater.	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A kernel is like the engine of a car. It's the part of the car that does the actual work - it's responsible for turning the fuel into motion. The other parts of the car - the body, the seats, the dashboard, the windows - are all there to make the kernel work better.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to an arts student is to think of a party. If you have 10 people and want to make sure there is enough food for everyone, you would need to make sure that there is enough food for 10 people, not 20. The same is true for chemical reactions. The reactants (food) are limited by the amount of the limiting reactant (people).	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A helicase is a bit like a lock-picking tool. It can "unzip" the two strands of DNA that make up the double helix, making it easier for other enzymes to read and copy the genetic information.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Replication proteins can be thought of as the nails that hold the boards of a house together. The nails are not a part of the house, but they are necessary for it to stay together. The DNA replication proteins are not a part of the DNA, but they are necessary for it to stay together.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Ligase is a good analogy to explain to an arts student because it is a protein that helps to bind DNA strands together. Just as ligase helps to bind DNA strands together, a good analogy for an arts student would be to think of how different elements (such as colors, shapes, and textures) can be brought together to create a cohesive and unified work of art.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A process control block is like a traffic light. It helps to control the flow of traffic and keep things moving smoothly.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A message encoding is similar to a code. It is a way to disguise a message so that it is not easily understood by others. This is often done by replacing letters with other letters or symbols.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to an arts student would be to compare it to two pieces of a puzzle fitting together. The drug is the puzzle piece, and the receptor site is the other piece of the puzzle. When the two pieces fit together, the drug is able to interact with the receptor site and produce a desired effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A monitor is like a television screen. It is a device that displays images and videos.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A CPU can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It is responsible for performing calculations, controlling the flow of data, and executing instructions.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the spine of a book. It holds everything together and allows different parts to communicate with each other.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Ramming a door is like pushing it open with a lot of force.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A power supply unit can be compared to an artist's paint palette. Just as an artist needs a variety of colors to create a painting, a computer needs a variety of power supply voltages to function. The power supply unit provides these voltages to the computer.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A keyboard is like a piano. You can press down on the keys to make different sounds.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A mouse is like a tiny person who lives in your computer.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain an audio card to an arts student would be to compare it to a microphone. Just as a microphone captures sound, an audio card captures audio signals.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A video card is like a painter's canvas. The video card is the surface that the image is displayed on. The painter's canvas is the surface that the paint is applied to.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A tree's age calculation is like a human's age calculation. Just as humans are measured in years since they were born, trees are measured in years since they sprouted from the ground.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Glycolysis is like a car. The glucose is the fuel, and the ATP is the energy that the car uses to move.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
One analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student is that it is the equivalent of two people clapping in opposite directions. Just as the clapping echoes and amplifies when the two people clap in the same direction, light is amplified when it is scattered in the same direction. Anti-stokes scattering, on the other hand, is the equivalent of two people clapping in opposite directions. Just as the clapping echoes and diminishes when the two people clap in the same direction, light is diminished when it is scattered in the same direction.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Stokes scattering is similar to the scattering of light by a raindrop. Just as the raindrop scatters light in all directions, causing a rainbow, the atoms in a material scatter light in all directions. This is what causes the material to appear white.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that is lethal to 50% of a population. It can be thought of as the amount of a substance that is required to kill half of a group of animals or people.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to an arts student?	lt	arts	0
A good analogy to explain the universe to an arts student would be to compare it to a painting. The universe is made up of billions of stars, planets, and other objects. Just like a painting, the universe has a variety of colors, shapes, and sizes.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Enzyme mechanism is like a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock and the substrate is the key. The enzyme has a specific shape that the substrate must fit in order to bind to the enzyme and be converted into the product.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
An anova is a statistical analysis that compares the means of three or more groups. It is similar to a t-test, but can be used when the groups have more than two levels.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. It sets the temperature and makes sure it stays consistent.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student is to think of it as a balance scale. On one side of the scale, there are the reactants (the things that are going to react). On the other side of the scale, there are the products (the things that are going to be produced as a result of the reaction). The balance scale is in equilibrium when the two sides are equal.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time to an arts student would be to say that it is like a chef preparing a meal. The chef does not start cooking the meal until right before it is going to be served. This is similar to how a company uses just-in-time production. They do not produce any products until they are ordered.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to an arts student is to compare it to a human immune system. The human immune system is constantly fighting off invaders, such as bacteria and viruses, to protect the body. The immune system is adaptive because it can remember past invaders and adapt its defenses to better fight them off in the future.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain Ohm's law to an arts student is to think of electricity as water. Just as water flows through a pipe depending on the size of the pipe and the water pressure, electricity flows through a wire depending on the size of the wire and the voltage.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Transcription is like taking a dictation from a teacher.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain RNA polymerase to an arts student is to think of it as a very large, very efficient typewriter. RNA polymerase can create a new strand of RNA by reading the sequence of nucleotides in a DNA molecule and then copying that sequence to create a new RNA molecule.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A ribosome is like a construction worker. It takes the blueprints (the genetic code) and assembles the building (the protein).	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks a door. The activator protein binds to a specific site on the DNA molecule and then helps to open up the door so that the gene can be expressed.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Electricity is like water. Just as water flows through a pipe, electricity flows through a wire. The voltage is like the water pressure, and the current is like the water flow.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Water molecules are attracted to each other by hydrogen bonds. This attraction creates a network of water molecules that covers the surface of most objects. The water molecules are held close to the surface of the object by the hydrogen bonds. This is called the hydrophobic effect.An analogy to explain the hydrophobic effect to an arts student is to imagine that water molecules are like a group of people. The people are all attracted to each other and they form a close group. The group of people is the water molecule network. Now imagine that you are an outsider and you are not attracted to the group of people. You would want to stay away from the group and you would be considered hydrophobic.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to an arts student would be to compare it to a telephone system. In a telephone system, a caller's voice is converted into an electrical signal that is sent through a telephone line to the person they are calling. That person's voice is then converted back into an acoustic signal that the caller can hear. In the same way, a biological signal is converted into an electrical signal that is sent through a biological pathway to the target cell. The target cell then converts the signal back into a biological response.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to an arts student?	lt	arts	1
Nadh can be thought of as the "fuel" of the cell. It is necessary for the production of energy in cells. Just as gasoline powers a car, nadh helps to power the chemical reactions that occur in cells.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Nadh is to the body as oil is to a car. It's necessary for the engine to run, and it keeps everything moving smoothly.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Nadh can be thought of as the "fuel" of the energy-producing process called oxidative phosphorylation. It is analogous to gasoline in a car engine; it provides the energy that makes the car move.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A protein is like a brick. It is one of the main components of a structure, it has many different shapes and sizes, and it is built to last.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A protein is a bit like an actor in a play. The actor has a specific role to play, and they need the right script (amino acids) to be able to do their job properly.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A protein is like a tool in a tool box. It can be used for many different purposes, but it always has the same function.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. Just as you need specific ingredients (flour, sugar, eggs, butter) to make a cake, you need the right building blocks (adenine, thymine, cytosine) to make DNA. The sequence of these letters forms the instructions for assembling the proteins that make up our bodies.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
DNA is like the blueprint for a house. It contains all of the instructions for building a particular organism.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
DNA is like the instructions for a play. The DNA tells the cells how to make the proteins, which are like the actors in the play.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain glycogen to an arts student is that it is like a savings account. The body stores glucose in the form of glycogen and can use this later when it needs energy, kind of like how you might save up money for a rainy day.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Glycogen is a lot like paint. It's a thick, gooey substance that can be used to create beautiful works of art. Just like with paint, glycogen can be stored in tubes until it's ready to be used. And once it's mixed with water, it becomes really versatile and can be applied in lots of different ways.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain glycogen to an arts student is that it is like a bank account. The body deposits glucose into the glycogen account and then withdrawals are made when needed.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
The endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory in the cell. It makes and processes proteins.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the circulatory system of a plant. It carries nutrients and oxygen to all parts of the cell, and removes waste products.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the backstage of a theatre. It's where all the behind-the-scenes work happens - set construction, lighting, and makeup.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A golgi apparatus is similar to an artist's studio. Just as the artist works in his studio to create a painting, the golgi apparatus processes and packages proteins within the cell.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A golgi is similar to a postal worker. The golgi receives packages (neurons) from all over the body, opens them up and processes what is inside, then sends them off to their new destination.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A Golgi apparatus is a bit like an orchestra. The cell's nucleus is the conductor, sending out instructions for what each musician should play. The musicians are the ribosomes, which make the proteins according to the instructions from the nucleus. And just as an orchestra needs a place to rehearse and perform, so too do cells need a place to put all these newly made proteins. This is where the golgi comes in - it acts as a kind of protein warehouse, sorting and packaging up proteins ready for delivery to other parts of the cell or export outside of it.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain plasma membrane to an arts student would be to say that it is like a curtain. The plasma membrane separates the inside of the cell from the outside environment and controls what enters and leaves the cell.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a fortress with many layers of protection. The outer wall is made up of a sturdy protein called keratin, which helps keep out harmful bacteria and other invaders. There are also several layers of cells in between the outer wall and the inner sanctum where important molecules and proteins are kept. This inner sanctum is like a safe room, where the valuable contents are protected from thieves.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a kind of "skin" that surrounds the cells in our bodies and acts as a barrier between the inside and outside of the cell. It allows some things to pass through while preventing others from getting in. Just like our skin, the plasma membrane has different layers and is made up of proteins and other molecules that work together to do its job.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the recycling centers of the cell. Just like your neighborhood recycling center takes in old newspapers, cans, and bottles and recycles them into new products, lysosomes take in old cellular components and recycle them into new cellular components.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A lysosome is like a recycling bin for the cell. It breaks down old or damaged proteins and recycles them into new molecules that the cell can use.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A lysosome is a small organelle in the cell that breaks down proteins, lipids and other molecules. It can be thought of as the cell's recycling center. Just as your home has a recycling bin to recycle newspaper, plastic bottles and glass jars, the lysosome recycles cellular waste products.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes can be thought of as the "cellular recycling center." Just like your town's recycling center accepts different types of materials (paper, plastic, metal), peroxisomes accept different types of cellular waste products. Peroxisomes break down these wastes into their component molecules and then recycle them back into the cell where they are used to make new proteins, lipids, or other important molecules.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the recycling centers of cells. They take in old, damaged proteins and molecules, break them down into their component parts, and then use those parts to build new, functional proteins and molecules.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Peroxisomes are like the art studio of a cell. They are where cells produce and store molecules that give them their unique characteristics, similar to an artist’s paints, brushes, and canvas in an art studio.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Mitochondria can be thought of as the cells' "powerhouses." Just as a power plant supplies energy to a city, mitochondria supply energy to the cell. They do this by converting food into ATP (adenosine triphosphate), which is the cell's main source of energy.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Mitochondria are like the cells' powerhouses. They take in nutrients from food and turn them into energy that the cell can use.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Mitochondria are like the batteries in a car. They create energy that is used by the cells in the body to function.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A chloroplast is much like a green leaf in that it helps to convert sunlight into useful energy for plants. Just as leaves use their green pigment, chlorophyll, to soak up light energy, chloroplasts use their own special light-absorbing machinery. In fact, the word "chloroplast" comes from two Greek words meaning "green plant."	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A chloroplast can be thought of as a leaf's "green blood." Chloroplasts are organelles in plant cells that contain the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll. Just like our red blood cells carry oxygen throughout our bodies, chloroplasts circulate sugars and other nutrients throughout the plant.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Chloroplasts are the organelles in a plant cell that conduct photosynthesis. They can be thought of as the plant's 'eyes', because they allow the plant to convert light into energy. Chloroplasts are similar to solar panels, because they convert sunlight into electrical energy.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cytoskeleton is like a scaffold inside a building. The scaffold supports the building while it is under construction, and then it is dismantled when the construction is finished. The cytoskeleton does the same thing for cells: it helps to support and organize them while they are growing, and then it dissolves when they are done.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cytoskeleton is like a skeletal system for a cell. Just as our bones support and give structure to our bodies, the cytoskeleton supports and gives structure to cells. The cytoskeleton also helps cells move around and interact with their environment.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cytoskeleton can be thought of as the scaffolding inside a building. The scaffolding supports the walls and roof of the building while the workers are putting up the walls and installing the roof. In much the same way, the cytoskeleton supports and organizes the cell's contents while it is growing and dividing.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Atp is to the body as gasoline is to a car.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
ATP can be thought of as the lifeblood of the artistic process. Just as our bodies need oxygen to function, creative endeavors require a steady flow of ATP in order to thrive. This energy molecule powers all sorts of activities, from composing music to painting a picture, and allows artists to bring their ideas to fruition. It's like magic!	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Atp is like a battery in your car. It's what powers the engine and makes it run. In your body, atp is used to power all kinds of things, from muscle movement to brain function.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain NADPH to an arts student would be to compare it with film. Just as film is used in photography to capture images, NADPH is used by the body's cells to capture energy from food and convert it into a form that the cell can use.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
NADPH can be thought of as the "fuel" that helps create new red blood cells. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, our bodies need NADPH to create new cells.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
NADPH is a good analogy to explain an arts student because it is the "fuel" for many artistic processes. Just as NADPH is necessary for plants to create glucose (a sugar essential for plant growth), it is also necessary for artists to create their work. NADPH helps artists with tasks such as creating new colors, mixing paints, and preserving artwork.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A peroxysome is like a tiny factory inside the cell. It produces chemicals that help the cell work properly.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Peroxysomes are like the recycling centers for a city. They take in garbage and break it down into reusable parts.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A peroxysome is a small, round structure in the cytoplasm of a cell. It is similar in size and shape to a mitochondrion but has a different function. Peroxysomes are responsible for breaking down fatty acids and producing hydrogen peroxide.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain mytochondria to an arts student would be as follows: Mytochondria are like the artists of the cell. They create and maintain the cells energy production by producing ATP.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain mytochondria to an arts student would be to compare it to the paintbrush of a painter. Just as a painter needs a tool with which to apply their medium, so too does the cell need mytochondria in order to create energy.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Mytochondria are the cells in our bodies that create energy. They can be compared to a furnace in a house - they produce heat and power everything else in the body.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Electricity is very much like gravity. Just as the sun's gravitational force holds planets in orbit around it, an electric current exerts a force on electrically charged particles. This force can be used to power lights and motors, or to create electromagnetic fields that can be harnessed for communication and navigation.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are like magnets. Just as a magnet can attract or repel other magnets, electric charges can attract or repel each other. Like poles of two magnets will repel each other, and opposite poles will attract.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Electric forces are a bit like magnets. If you have two magnets, and you bring them close to each other, the north pole of one will be attracted to the south pole of the other. Electric forces work in a similar way. If you have two pieces of metal, and you bring them close to each other, the part of one that has a positive electric charge will be attracted to the part of the other that has a negative electric charge.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital is a bit like the orbit of a planet around the sun. The electron is pulled towards the nucleus by the strong force, just like the planets are pulled towards the sun by gravity. But unlike planets, which follow a predictable path around the sun, electrons can spin in any direction and travel in any path they want.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a car on a racetrack. The car is moving around the track in a specific direction and at a specific speed. The orbital is like the track, and the electron is like the car.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
If you think of an atom as a tiny solar system, the nucleus would be the sun and the electrons would be like planets orbiting around it. The different types of orbits (orbits that can hold a certain number of electrons) are like the different rings of Saturn.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain the first line of defense in the body to an arts student would be to compare it to a castle's wall. The wall is the first thing that people see and it is meant to protect the people inside from potential danger. In much the same way, the skin is our first line of defense against bacteria, viruses, and other harmful substances.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain the first line of defense in the body to an arts student is that it is like a castle's wall. The wall is the first thing that people see and it protects the castle from being attacked. In the same way, the skin is the first barrier that defends against external threats, such as bacteria and viruses.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to help explain the body's first line of defense is to think of the body as a fortress. The walls of the fortress are the skin and mucous membranes, which act as a barrier to keep out unwanted intruders. The soldiers inside the fortress are the white blood cells, which defend against bacteria and other invaders.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A macrophage is a type of white blood cell that helps the body fight infection. They are sort of like the "police" of the immune system, patrolling the body and attacking any bacteria or viruses they find. Macrophages can also eat dead cells and other debris, which is why they are sometimes called "garbage collectors."	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain macrophages to an arts student would be to compare them to bodyguards. Macrophages are like the secret service of the immune system. They are always watching out for threats and they are the first responders when there is a problem.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A macrophage is like an artist's palette. It can be used to mix different colors together to create a new color.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A t-helper cell is like a conductor in an orchestra. The conductor coordinates the activity of the musicians and ensures that they play together harmoniously. In the same way, t-helper cells coordinate the activity of other immune cells and ensure that they work together to fight infection.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to help explain T-helper cells to an arts student would be to say that they are like the director of a play. They help guide and orchestrate the other cells in order to carry out the mission of fighting off infection.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain t-helper cells to an arts student would be to compare them to the staff of a theatre. The actors (the body's cells) are performing on the stage (the immune system), and the t-helper cells are backstage, helping to orchestrate the performance and make sure everything runs smoothly.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student is that they are like the police force of the immune system. They help identify and fight off bacteria, viruses, and other foreign invaders in the body.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
B-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "muscle" of the immune system. They are responsible for producing antibodies that bind to foreign invaders and help clear them from the body. An analogy to explain this might be to think of B-lymphocytes as fighter jets, and antibodies as missiles. Just as fighter jets are trained to identify and destroy enemy planes, B-lymphocytes produce antibodies that specifically recognize and attach themselves to pathogens (invaders), thereby disabling them so they can be eliminated from the body.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain B-lymphocytes to an arts student would be as follows: B-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and look for any signs of infection or disease. If they find something, they will activate other cells in the immune system to help fight off the infection.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte is like a sniper. It can identify and target specific cells for destruction, without harming other cells in the process.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cytotoxic T-lymphocyte can be thought of as a "soldier" in the immune system. These cells are specifically responsible for attacking and destroying infected or cancerous cells. This analogy might be helpful to think about when considering the function of cytotoxic T-lymphocytes:  imagine your body is an army, with different types of soldiers (cytotoxic T-lymphocytes) working together to protect you from harm.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Cytotoxic t-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "police" of the immune system. They patrol the body, identifying and destroying cells that are not supposed to be there. This can be thought of as similar to how police officers patrol a city and identify and arrest criminals.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to explain invasion of bacterias might be to compare them to a swarm of ants invading a picnic. Just as the ants are attracted to the food, bacteria are drawn towards areas where they can find nutrients and grow.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain invasion of bacteria to an arts student would be that of an army invading a country. Just as the army invades and takes over the country, the bacteria invade and take over the body's cells.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to an arts student is the act of a group of people entering into a building or space. The bacteria are like the people, and they are invading the body (the building/space).	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain action potential would be comparing it to a crowd of people at a busy train station. At first, the platform is empty, but as more and more people arrive, the platform becomes increasingly crowded until finally there's so much pressure at one spot that someone pushes forward and starts the stampede. In a similar way, an influx of ions (the people) into a neuron (the platform) can cause an action potential (the stampede).	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain action potential in an arts student would be to compare it to the firing of a cannon. Just as the cannon needs a certain amount of pressure before it will fire, so too does a neuron need a certain threshold level of voltage before it will generate an action potential.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain action potential would be to say that it is like a water droplet. When the droplet is small, the surface tension is high and holds the droplet together. But when the droplet gets bigger and heavier, the surface tension can no longer hold it together and it falls apart. In a similar way, when a neuron is at rest, its electrical charge is held together by strong forces called potassium ions. But when a neuron fires an action potential, these forces are overcome and the neuron's charge spreads quickly throughtout the cell.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Chromatography is often described as being similar to the separation of colors in a rainbow. In this analogy, each color is like a different compound or element that makes up the light. The white light passes through a prism and is separated into its individual colors. These colors are then spread out across the spectrum.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain the experiment of chromatography to an arts student would be to compare it to a group of people standing in line at a bank. The people in the front of the line are the most visible, while the ones in the back are less visible. This is similar to how colors are separated when using chromatography; the most vibrant colors will be at the top of the paper, and the least visible colors will be at the bottom.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Chromatography is the separation of a mixture into its component parts. A good analogy to explain this process to an arts student would be to imagine that the different colors in a painting are like the different molecules in a substance. The artist can use chromatography to separate these colors and create a more detailed painting.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One possible analogy for the main-sequence lifetime of a star is that of a human lifespan. Just as humans are born, grow older and eventually die, stars undergo a similar process. They are born (formed from gas and dust), they age and grow larger as they use up their hydrogen fuel, and eventually they die when they run out of fuel and collapse under their own weight.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A star's lifetime can be thought of as its "career." Just like an actor, a star has a beginning, middle, and end. The main sequence is the "middle" phase of a star's life, where it is burning hydrogen into helium. This phase lasts for millions or billions of years, depending on the size of the star. When the star runs out of hydrogen to burn, it enters into the later stages of its life and dies.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to an arts student is that a star is like a light bulb. A typical light bulb has a lifespan of about 1,000 hours. So, too, do the vast majority of stars spend most of their lives in the main sequence.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to explain the nucleus of an atom to an arts student is as follows: The nucleus of an atom can be thought of as a marble in the center of a balloon. The balloon represents the electron cloud that surrounds the marble (nucleus).	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to help explain the nucleus of an atom to an arts student is to imagine the nucleus as being like a sun in the center of an atom. The electrons orbit around the nucleus much like planets orbiting around a sun.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
The nucleus can be thought of as the "brain" of a cell. It is responsible for controlling all of the activities within the cell, including genetic expression and protein synthesis.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the workers in a factory. The DNA is the blueprints for the product and the ribosomes are the ones that actually make it.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are like the machines that factories use to make products. The ribosomes take the instructions from the genes (like a blueprint) and create proteins, which are like the products made in a factory.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Ribosomes are similar to the machines that print newspapers. The ribosomes read a set of instructions, called mRNA, and use it to build proteins.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A golgi apparatus can be thought of as a shipping and receiving department for the cell. The golgi receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and packages them for transport to other parts of the cell or outside of the cell.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
The Golgi apparatus is like a postal service. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, processes them, and sends them to the right destination.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A golgi apparatus can be thought of as a mailroom for the cell. It receives proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, modifies them, and ships them off to their final destination.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A lysosome is like a trash can in a cell. The cell puts all of its trash (waste products) into the lysosome, and then the lysosome digests (eats) it all up.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes can be thought of as the "garbage collectors" of a cell. They are small sacs that contain enzymes that break down waste products and unused materials, digesting them so they can be used by the cell or excreted. This analogy could be extended to say that lysosomes are like janitors in a school, cleaning up messes and making sure everything is tidy.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Lysosomes are like a recycling plant in the cell. They recycle old or damaged organelles, proteins, and other cellular components.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain the nuclear envelope to an arts student is to think of it as a bouncer at a nightclub. The job of the nuclear envelope is to keep unwanted proteins and molecules out of the nucleus, while allowing only certain things in.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Nuclear envelope can be thought of as a protective coat around the nucleus. It is made up of two membranes, one on the outside and one on the inside. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm, while the inner membrane surrounds the nucleus. The nuclear envelope serves as a barrier to keep things out of the nucleus and helps to control what goes in and out of it.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Nuclear envelope can be thought of as the equivalent of an artist's canvas. Just as an artist uses a canvas to create their work, the nuclear envelope surrounds and provides a foundation for the construction of chromosomes inside cells.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain vacuoles to an arts student is that they are like the stomach of a plant. Just as our stomachs absorb food and break it down into nutrients that our bodies can use, vacuoles do the same thing for plants. They take in water and dissolved minerals from the soil, breaking them down into a form that the plant can use to grow and thrive.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A vacuole can be compared to an artist's palette. Just as an artist mixes different colors on their palette to create a painting, the cell uses various molecules in its vacuoles to create different proteins.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain vacuoles to an arts student would be to compare them to bubbles. Just as bubbles can form in various liquids, vacuoles can form in plant and animal cells.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
When you think of cytoplasm, think of paint. The cells are the canvas and the cytoplasm is the paint. It's what gives life to the cell and allows it to function.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain cytoplasm to an arts student is as follows: Cytoplasm can be thought of as the "glue" that holds the cell together. It is a thick fluid that surrounds and supports the organelles within the cell. Just like glue, cytoplasm helps hold things together and provides stability.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain cytoplasm to an arts student is that it is like the paint on a painter's canvas. Cytoplasm is the material that makes up the cell and provides it with structure, while DNA contains the genetic information that controls what the cell does.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
 chromosomes are like the paint on a painter's palette. Just as a painter can mix different colors together to create new hues, chromosomes can mix their genes together to create new characteristics.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Chromosomes can be best thought of as the building blocks of genes. Just as an artist might use different colors and shapes to create a painting, chromosomes use DNA (the genetic code) to create genes.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A chromosome can be compared to an artist's palette. Just as a painter has many colors to choose from when creating a work of art, chromosomes have many genes that they can use to create a new organism.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Cytosol is like the paint that an artist uses to create a painting. It is the material that is used to form the cells and it contains all of the cellular components.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
The cytosol is like a large body of water with many fish swimming around in it. The water is clear and you can see the fish swimming around. The cytosol is made up of aqueous solutions and proteins that allow things to move around in it.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cytosol analogy for arts students could be something like a Jackson Pollock painting. Just as each stroke of paint on a canvas can create a unique and interesting work of art, so too can the many proteins and molecules in the cytosol produce an intricate and fascinating cellular landscape.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain a cell to an arts student is as follows: A cell can be thought of as the smallest living unit. Just like in art, where each individual brushstroke or color contributes to the whole painting, each individual gene within a cell contributes to the functioning of the organism.	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain a cell to an arts student would be to compare it to a theater. Just as the theater has different sections (orchestra, balcony, etc.), each with its own purpose and function, so too does a cell have different parts that work together for a common goal. The stage is where the action happens and the audience watches from their seats; in the same way, the nucleus of the cell is where all of the important genetic information is located and cytoplasm surrounds it like an audience surrounding the stage. This analogy can help arts students understand how cells work together to create tissues, organs, and whole organisms.	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain a cell to an arts student is that of a construction worker. Cells are the building blocks of life and, like construction workers, they work together to create something larger than themselves.	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A vesicle is like a small, enclosed space in which something can happen. It's like a little room or chamber within the cell where things can take place.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to an arts student?	ht	arts	0
A vesicle is a small, round sac that forms within cells and contains fluid or other substances. It is similar to how an artist might use a palette to mix colors together. Just as the artist has different paints on their palette, the cell has different chemicals in its vesicles.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain vesicles to an arts student could be comparing them to bubbles. Just as a bubble is a small, enclosed space filled with air or gas, a vesicle is a small, enclosed space within the cell that contains water and other cellular materials.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cell wall is similar to the frame of a house. The frame provides support for the walls and roof, while the walls and roof protect the inhabitants from the elements. In much the same way, a cell wall supports and protects the cells inside an organism.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cell wall is like the frame of a house. The frame supports the roof and walls, and keeps them in place.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cell wall is similar to the frame of a house. The frame supports the walls and roof of the house, just as the cell wall supports the cytoplasm and membrane of the cell.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Cells are the building blocks of life. Just as an artist might use different colors and shapes to create a painting, cells use different molecules to create tissues and organs. Cells can also specialize in specific tasks, just as an artist might focus on one aspect of painting, like landscapes or portraits.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
 Cells are like the paint in an artist's palette. Just as an artist can mix different colors together to create new hues, cells can combine their genes to produce new proteins.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cell can be thought of as a tiny city. It has workers, traders, managers and even a mayor. The workers are the cells that do all the hard work - they produce energy, get rid of waste and fight off infection. The traders are the cells that pass messages around the city; telling the workers what to do and when to do it. The managers keep everything ticking over smoothly; making sure there is enough food and water for everyone and that trash is collected on time! And finally, the mayor ensures that everyone lives in harmony and follows the city's laws.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cell membrane can be thought of as a border or fence around the cell. The job of the cell membrane is to control what goes in and out of the cell, while letting nutrients and other important things inside. It's kind of like how a border controls who can come into a country and what they can bring in with them.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cell membrane can be thought of as a fortress with a drawbridge. The fortress is the cell and the walls are the membrane. The drawbridge is the entrance to the fort and it is controlled by guards (the proteins in the membrane). When something wants to enter or leave, it must first get past the guards.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cell membrane is a lot like the glass in a window. It's strong and clear, but it also lets things pass through it.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A golgi body is like a post office. It receives packages (ribosomes) from other parts of the cell and sends them off to different destinations.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to explain the golgi body to an arts student is that it is like a postal worker. The golgi body receives messages from different parts of the cell, processes them, and then sends them off to their appropriate destination.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A Golgi body is a lot like the post office. It's where packages (glycoproteins) are sorted and labeled before being sent off to their destination cells.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One good analogy to explain capacitance is that it is like a container of water. The more water there is in the container, the higher the level of water will be inside the container. In capacitance terms, this would mean that a capacitor with more electrons stored within it (higher capacitance) would have a higher voltage than one with fewer electrons stored (lower capacitance).	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A capacitor is like a container of water. The more water you put in the container, the higher the pressure will be inside the container. A capacitor is also like a balloon. If you blow up a balloon and then let go of it, the air inside rushes out because there is now more space inside the balloon than outside. In both cases, we are talking about an increase in pressure or an increase in space.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain capacitance is to think of it as a bucket. If you have a lot of water in the bucket, it will be heavy and take more effort to lift than if the bucket is empty. The same principle applies to capacitors – the greater the amount of charge stored, the greater the force required to move it.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Electric current is a lot like the water in a river. Just as the water flows downstream, electric current flows from higher voltage to lower voltage. The current can be thought of as the volume of water flowing past a certain point in a given amount of time.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Electricity is like water. Just as the flow of water can be controlled by valves, the flow of electricity can be regulated by switches.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Electric current is a lot like the flow of water in a river. Just as the force of the water can move boats and other objects downstream, electric current can push electrons through metal wires.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Voltage is the pressure that pushes electrons through a circuit. It's like water pressure in a hose. The voltage (pressure) is what makes the electrons flow.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to an arts student?	ht	arts	0
A voltage is like the water pressure in a hose. The higher the water pressure, the more force the water has to push against whatever it is hitting. Voltage is similar; it determines how much pushing force electricity will have as it moves through a wire or circuit.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A voltage is similar to the water pressure in a garden hose. Just as the water pressure can cause the hose to spray farther and faster, a higher voltage will cause an electric current to flow more quickly through a wire.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a small city. The cells in our body specialize in different tasks, just like people in a city specialize in different jobs. Cells also need to communicate with each other, just like people in a city need to communicate with each other.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a small city. There are different types of people who live in the cell and each person has a specific job. The cells need to communicate with each other to make sure everyone is doing their job correctly.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cell is like a small city. There are many different types of people who live in the cell and each person has a specific job that they do to keep the city running. The people in the cell communicate with each other to make sure that everyone knows what needs to be done and when it needs to be done.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Kirchoff's voltage law is a bit like the way water flows through a hose. The higher the pressure at one end of the hose, the more quickly the water will flow through it. In electrical circuits, the voltage (or pressure) is what causes currents to flow. So, in general, if you have a high voltage at one point in a circuit, that current will be strong and fast-moving. If you have low voltage, on the other hand, the current will be weaker and move more slowly.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain Kirchhoff's voltage law to an arts student is the way in which a group of people interact in a social setting. Just as each person in a group has an effect on every other person, each component in an electrical circuit affects every other component.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain Kirchhoff's voltage law to an arts student is that of a group of people in a room. If one person stands up and walks around the room, they will generate a Voltage (V) difference between their head and feet. This voltage will be equal at all points around the room. If another person now stands up, they will create their own voltage difference, which will add on to the first person's. If someone else then stands up, their voltage difference will be added on to the other two people's. And so on... The total sum of all these voltages around the room will always be equal to zero.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A density wave is a bit like a crowd of people. The people are all packed together in one spot, and they are all moving together. But if you look closely, you can see that the people are not really touching each other. They are just close to each other.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A density wave is like a crowd of people walking in one direction. The people are all close together at the beginning of the wave, and they get further apart as the wave moves away from them.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A density wave is like a crowd of people at a busy train station. The people are all packed in together, but they are constantly moving around.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like a theater director. They help the actors (proteins) to perform their parts correctly and coordinate the production so that it goes smoothly.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like a set of keys that can unlock the locks on chemical reactions. Just as a key is needed to open a lock, enzymes are needed to start chemical reactions.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like a set of tiny kitchen scissors. They cut the food into smaller pieces so that our bodies can digest it better.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to explain the human active memory system is that it is similar to a computer. Our brain is constantly storing information, like a computer does, and we can access this information whenever we need it by recalling past experiences or using our senses. Just as a computer has different programs that allow us to do different things, our memories are divided into categories based on what type of information they contain (e.g., visual images, sounds, smells). We can also use memory aids, such as prompts or mnemonic devices, to help us remember information more easily.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to explain the human active memory system is that it is like a computer. The brain processes information and stores it in the short-term memory, which can hold about seven pieces of information for a few seconds. If the person does not need the information any longer, it will be forgotten. However, if the person needs to remember the information, then it will be transferred to long-term memory where it can be stored for an indefinite amount of time.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A human active memory system can be analogized to a desktop computer. The brain is like the computer's central processing unit, or CPU. The CPU processes information and sends it to the appropriate part of the computer for storage or output. The RAM is like the computer's short-term memory, where data is temporarily stored while it is being processed by the CPU. The hard drive is like the computer's long-term memory, where data is permanently stored.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain the rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student is by using a comparison to traffic. The rate-determining step would be like the stoplight at an intersection that controls the flow of traffic. If the light is green, then cars can move through quickly. However, if the light turns red, then cars have to come to a stop and wait for it to turn back green before they can continue moving. In the same way, the rate-determining step is what determines how quickly a reaction takes place and how much product is produced.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy that may help to explain a rate-determining step of a reaction is by using the example of two people, one who is fit and one who is out of shape. The person who is in better shape will be able to run faster than the person who is out of shape. In this analogy, the fit person can be compared to the reactant that is in an activated state, while the out-of-shape person can be compared to the reactant that is not in an activated state. The rate-determining step would then be how fast the out-of-shape person can become fit.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
It can be difficult to explain the rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student, but here is one possible analogy. Imagine you are going on a road trip and have two different routes planned – one that takes six hours and one that takes ten hours. Obviously, the six-hour route is the faster option, because it is the rate-determining step. All other things being equal, taking the longer route will mean that you arrive later than if you had taken the shorter route. In terms of chemical reactions, this means that if there are multiple pathways for a molecule to react, but only one of those pathways is faster than the others, then that pathway will be the rate-determining step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Column chromatography is similar to how an artist uses a canvas and paints. The artist starts with a blank canvas and creates a work of art by adding different colors. In column chromatography, the scientist similarly starts with a blank piece of paper (the column) and adds different chemicals (the ink). Just as the artist can create many different paintings by using different colors, the scientist can create many different compounds by using different chemicals.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Column chromatography is often described as a "sieving" process. Just as a sieve can be used to separate different-sized grains of rice, the column in chromatography can be used to separate molecules based on their size and/or chemical properties. In both cases, the smaller objects travel more quickly through the spaces between the larger ones.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Column chromatography can be thought of as a giant sorting machine. The different compounds in the mixture are placed in order of their size, with the smallest molecules traveling through the column first and the largest ones remaining at the end.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student is the example of a musician playing a piece of music. The musician is constantly adjusting his or her playing in response to the sounds that are being produced. In the same way, molecules in a system are constantly exchanging energy and particles as they move toward equilibrium.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student would be the example of a musician playing a song. The musician is constantly changing the sounds that they are making, but in order for the audience to hear the song as one piece, all of the individual notes must come together and reach equilibrium.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Dynamic chemical equilibrium can be thought of as similar to a set of scales. On one side of the scales there are more reactants, while on the other side there are more products. The scales will eventually reach equilibrium, where the two sides are equal in weight. In terms of dynamic chemical equilibrium, this means that the rate at which the reaction occurs is equal to the rate at which it reverses.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain vacuum to an arts student would be to compare it to a balloon. When a balloon is filled with air, it becomes round and inflated. When the air is released from the balloon, the balloon becomes flat because the space inside of it has been decreased. In much the same way, vacuoles are spaces inside of cells that fill up with water or other materials. When the material is released from the vacuole, the cell becomes smaller in size.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A vacuum cleaner is a good analogy to explain the vacuole to an arts student. Just as the vacuum cleaner sucks up dirt and debris, the vacuole absorbs nutrients and other materials from within the cell.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain a vacuole to an arts student is to say that it is like a balloon. The balloon is made out of rubber and has air in it. The rubber is the vacuole and the air is the water.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to an arts student is to think of them as tiny mail trucks. These mail trucks travel back and forth between the post office (the cell's nucleus) and the various neighborhoods (the organelles in the cytoplasm). The mail truck delivers letters (molecules) to the correct addresses (neighborhoods), and then picks up new letters from those neighborhoods to take back to the post office.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to an arts student would be to think of them as small buses that carry goods from one part of the city to another. The goods are stored inside the bus and then transported to their destination.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to an arts student would be comparing them to postcards. Just as a postcard can hold a message and be sent through the mail, transport vesicles can carry molecules (the message) from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A proto-oncogene is like a musician who has the potential to become a rock star. If that musician never performs in front of an audience, they will never achieve their full potential. However, if that musician plays in front of an enthusiastic crowd, they may become a famous rock star. Similarly, proto-oncogenes need to be activated (or "performed in front of an audience") in order to achieve their full cancer-causing potential.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A proto-oncogene is a bit like an actor in a play. The actor may have a small role in the beginning of the play, but as the story progresses, their role may become larger and more important. Similarly, proto-oncogenes can start out with a minor role in cancer development, but over time they can become more involved and contribute to tumor growth.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to an arts student would be to compare them to pieces of a puzzle. Proto-oncogenes are like the individual pieces of the puzzle, and when they are all put together correctly, they create a finished product (i.e., a normal cell). However, if one or more of the proto-oncogenes gets out of place or is mutated, it can cause the cells to become cancerous.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to an arts student is the story of The Three Little Pigs. Just as the big, bad wolf was able to blow down the houses of the two little pigs made out of straw and sticks, oncogenes can cause tumors (the house) made out of cells (straw and sticks) to grow and spread uncontrollably.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to an arts student would be to say that they are like pieces of a puzzle. Oncogenes are genes that can cause cancer, and when all of the oncogenes are put together, they create a complete picture that allows tumors to form and grow.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One way to think of oncogenes is as cancer-causing genes. Just as an artist might use a variety of colors and techniques to create a painting, oncogenes help control the many steps necessary for cells to divide and grow. But sometimes, oncogenes can become mutated or overactive, causing cells to grow out of control and form tumors.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A tumor suppressor gene is like a policeman that patrols the streets of a city and arrests criminals. If there are no policemen patrolling the streets, then the criminals will run free and commit crimes. In the same way, if there are no tumor suppressor genes patrolling the cells, then tumors can form.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to tumor suppressor genes is the role of brakes on a car. Just as brakes keep a car from accelerating too quickly and crashing, tumor suppressor genes help control the rate at which cells grow and divide. When these genes are mutated or lost, cell growth can get out of hand, leading to cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes is that they are like brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells from growing and dividing too quickly, which can lead to cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain brittle software to an arts student is as follows:Software can be thought of as a delicate instrument. Just like an expensive violin, if software is not treated with care it can easily be damaged. In the same way that a musician needs to handle their instrument with care, developers need to handle code with caution in order to avoid breaking it.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A software program that is brittle can be compared to a ceramic vase. It looks and seems fine from the outside, but when it is handled roughly or when pressure is applied it easily shatters into pieces.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain brittle software to an arts student is a sculpture. Just like a sculpture, if you touch it the wrong way, it can break. Software is also very fragile and can be easily damaged if not treated with care.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to an arts student is like two people dancing together. The dancers are in sync with each other and move as one. In the same way, the electrons in a molecule will be in resonance if they are paired up and moving together.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid orbitals to an arts student is as follows: imagine taking a rubber band and stretching it out. When you release the band, it will naturally return to its original shape by oscillating back and forth. The individual bands that make up the rubber band are like the atomic orbitals in a molecule. When two atoms come close together, their atomic orbitals can overlap and create new molecular orbitals - just like when you stretch a rubber band. These new molecular orbitals will have different energies depending on how well they overlap - just like the different frequencies of sound that resonate from a stretched rubber band.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to an arts student is that of two people, each holding one end of a long stick. If the two people shake their sticks at the same time and in opposite directions, they will create waves that move up and down the length of the stick. However, if one person shakes their stick quickly and the other person shakes their stick slowly, then different waves will be created. The quick wave will move up and down the stick faster than the slow wave, creating a resonance hybrid between them.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A wave mechanical model can be explained as a ripple in a pond. When you throw a rock into the center of a still pond, it creates waves that move outward until they hit the shoreline and dissipate. The same thing happens with sound waves; when something makes noise, it creates waves in the air that travel until they hit something and are absorbed or reflected.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain the wave mechanical model to an arts student is that of a group of people walking in a line. The person at the front of the line is representing a particle, and the rest of the people are representing waves. The waves are traveling along with the particle, but they are not affecting it directly.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A wave mechanical model is like a group of people walking in a line. The people are the waves and the line is the string.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain electroencephalogram (EEG) to an arts student is that it is similar to a heart monitor. EEG measures the electrical activity of the brain and records it as waves on a graph. Just as a heart monitor can show changes in heart rate, EEG can show changes in brain wave activity.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain electroencephalogram (EEG) to an arts student is that it is like having a conversation with someone. EEG measures the brain's electrical activity, and just as we can understand someone better by listening to their conversation, we can understand the brain better by looking at its electrical activity.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to explain an electroencephalogram (EEG) test would be to compare it to a fingerprint. Just as each person’s fingerprint is unique, so too are the brain wave patterns captured in an EEG. These patterns can be used to help doctors identify abnormalities or changes in a patient’s brain function.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Replication of DNA is similar to making a copy of a document. The original document is placed on the photocopier and a copy is made. The new copy has all of the same information as the original document. In replication, the parental DNA molecule is placed on the copying machine (the enzyme helicase) and a copy is made. The new copy has all of the same information as the parental DNA molecule.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain DNA replication to an arts student would be to compare it to a photocopier. Just as a photocopier copies an image by producing an exact replica of it, DNA replicates by copying the genetic information it contains.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
When an artist creates a new work of art, they are essentially creating a copy of what they see in their mind. They may make small changes to the original idea, but for the most part it is a replica. DNA replication is similar in that it produces a duplicate of the genetic information within cells. There may be some minor differences, but for the most part the sequence is identical.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
RNA transcription is a bit like making a movie. The script (or set of instructions) is what tells the actors (or molecules) what to do and when to do it. In order for the movie to be made, someone has to read the script and then follow its instructions. RNA transcription works in a similar way - the genetic code stored in DNA is "read" and used as instructions to make new RNA molecules.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
RNA transcription is a bit like a choir. The choir director (the RNA polymerase enzyme) stands in front of the choir and tells them what notes to sing (the nucleotides). The choir members then sing the notes that they are told to sing.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
I imagine RNA transcription as a musician reading sheet music. The musician is looking at the notes on the page and then playing them out loud. In the same way, RNA is reading the genetic code in DNA and producing a copy of it (the mRNA).	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A protein is like a sentence. The individual amino acids are like the letters that make up the words in a sentence. The order of the amino acids determines the meaning of the protein.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Protein translation is like a play. The script is the DNA, and the actors are the proteins.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One way to think of protein translation is as a play being performed. The actors (amino acids) are on the stage, and they're each holding a script (the codons). A director (the ribosome) is calling out the lines, telling the actors what to say and when.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain ecosystem to an arts student would be to say that it is like a theatre production. The different parts of the ecosystem (e.g. plants, animals, soil) all work together and rely on each other in order to create a functioning whole. Just as the cast and crew of a play need to cooperate in order for the performance to be successful, so too do the different parts of an ecosystem need to work together in order for the system as a whole to function properly	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A healthy ecosystem is like a well-oiled machine. The different parts work together to create a smooth functioning system. If one part of the ecosystem is out of balance, it can throw off the entire system.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
An ecosystem can be thought of as a theatrical stage. Just as the different actors, sets, and lighting on a stage must all work together to create a play, the different plants and animals in an ecosystem must all work together to create an environment.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron is the spreading of waves at a beach. Just as waves ripple out when they hit the sand, action potentials (the wave-like signals that travel down neurons) spread out when they reach the end of the neuron. This allows messages to be sent quickly and efficiently throughout the brain and body.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student would be like passing notes in class. When the teacher is not looking, one student passes a note to another and so on until it reaches the last student. In a similar way, when a signal travels down a neuron, it sparks off tiny electrical impulses that pass from cell to cell until it reaches its destination.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy for the propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student would be like a line of people. Each person in the line is linked to the next and when one person moves, so does the rest of the line. This is similar to how an action potential travels down a neuron as each part of the neuron is linked to the next.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The lungs in a frog are located along the sides of its body, and when the frog inhales, it draws air into its lungs through its nose. When the frog exhales, it pushes the air out of its lungs through its mouth.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. Air enters the lungs, and oxygen from the air diffuses into the blood. Carbon dioxide from the blood then diffuses back into the air in order to be exhaled.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A frog's breathing mechanism can be compared to that of an engine. The frog's lungs are like the engine's cylinders, and the air they breathe in is like the fuel. Just as an engine needs oxygen to run, so do frogs need oxygen to breathe. Frogs also have a special valve called the glottis which opens and closes to let them breathe in and out.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain layered architecture to an arts student is the way in which a painting is constructed. A painter will start with a blank canvas and add layers of paint, each one building on top of the previous layer. The end result is a completed work of art that has depth and complexity.In the same way, a layered architecture system starts with a basic foundation and builds on top of that foundation with additional layers. Each layer adds new functionality or features to the system. The end result is a more complex system that can handle more tasks and provides greater flexibility.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A cake is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to an arts student. Just as there are different layers in a cake (i.e., the bottom layer is the crust, followed by the filling, then the frosting on top), there are different layers in an information system (i.e., the bottom layer is the operating system, followed by application software, then data).	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain layered architecture to an arts student would be like the layers of paint on a canvas. Just as each layer of paint affects the overall painting, each layer of software in a computer system affects the overall performance and usability of the system.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student would be to compare it to food. The amount of food a person eats is limited by the size of their stomach, while the amount of leftovers they have is determined by how much food was originally put on their plate. In the same way, a chemical reaction has a limited number of molecules that can participate in the reaction (the limiting reactant), while any leftover molecules after the reaction is complete are considered the excess reactant.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student would be like a recipe for a cake. The recipe calls for two cups of sugar, but if you only have one cup, then the sugar will be the limiting reactant. This means that once all of the sugar is used up, no more cakes can be made. If you have three cups of sugar though, then the extra cup will be the excess reactant.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student would be to imagine that they are chefs in a kitchen. The oven is the only source of heat, and the chefs have two pots of water - one big pot and one small pot. They want to cook two dishes - a big dish and a small dish. To cook the big dish, they put the large pot of water on the stovetop and turn on the oven. To cook the small dish, they put the small pot of water on the stovetop and turn on the oven. The oven can only provide so much heat, so eventually it will reach its limit; at that point, no more heat can be transferred from the oven to either pot of water, even though both pots are still sitting on top of the stove. The temperature inside each pot will then start increasing until it reaches equilibrium (the same temperature) - at which point both pots will have been cooked fully. In this analogy, "heat" is equivalent to energy or light; "stovetop" is equivalent to a reactor core; "oven" is equivalent to containment vessel; "pot" is equivalent to fuel rods; "water" is equivalent to nuclear fuel material).	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain a eukaryotic cell to an arts student would be to compare it to a large city. Just as a city has many different parts that work together, a eukaryotic cell also has many different organelles that work together.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A eukaryotic cell is like an opera house. The nucleus is the orchestra pit, and the cytoplasm is the audience.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A eukaryotic cell is like an opera house. The nucleus is the orchestra pit, the mitochondria are the musicians, and the other organelles are the seats in the audience.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like a small factory. It has all the machinery it needs to make proteins, DNA, and other molecules.	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like an empty canvas. The cells can be filled with different colors (proteins) and create beautiful works of art (products of metabolism).	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A prokaryotic cell is like an actor on stage. The actor has a script (the DNA) and knows what lines to say (expresses proteins). The audience may be able to see the actor, but the actor cannot see the audience.	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain an operating systems kernel to an arts student is as follows: The kernel can be thought of as the brain of the computer. Just as the brain controls all functions of the human body, the kernel controls all functions of the computer. It manages memory, handles input and output, and keeps track of what programs are running.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One possible analogy to help explain an operating system's kernel to an arts student is by comparing it to the engine of a car. Just as the engine provides power and functionality to the other systems in the car, so too does the kernel provide power and functionality to all of the other systems in a computer. Furthermore, just as regular maintenance and tune-ups can keep a car running smoothly, so too must regular maintenance be performed on computers in order to keep their kernels running optimally.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A kernel is like a conductor in an orchestra. The conductor controls the tempo, volume and timing of the music while the musicians play their instruments. In the same way, an operating system kernel controls the overall performance of the computer while different applications run on top of it.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to an arts student is as follows: imagine you are at a buffet and there are ten different dishes to choose from. If each person only ate one dish, there would be plenty of food for everyone. However, if each person ate two dishes, there would not be enough food for everyone. The first dish is the limiting reactant because it determines how much food everyone can eat.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant would be to compare it with a race. In a race, there are many runners but only one winner. In the same way, in a chemical reaction there are many chemicals involved but only one that is used up completely and drives the reaction forward.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to an arts student is comparing it to the amount of paint a painter has. The painter can use all of the paint to create one large painting, or spread it out over several smaller paintings. In the same way, if too much reactant is used in a chemical reaction, there may not be enough left over for the desired product. This is why it's important to know how much of each reactant is available so that the correct proportions can be used.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A helicase is a bit like a spinning top. The helicase starts off by spinning around quickly, and then it begins to unwind the DNA inside of it. Just like a spinning top, the helicase helps to keep everything organized and moving in the right direction.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A helicase is like a tiny tornado inside the cell that helps to unravel and separate DNA strands.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A helicase is a bit like an artist's muse. It helps to create new strands of DNA by unwinding the old ones.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Replication proteins can be thought of as the nails that hold a picture frame together. The DNA is like the painting inside the frame, and the replication proteins are like the nails that keep it all together.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the nails that hold together two pieces of wood. Just as nails are needed to keep two pieces of wood together, DNA replication binding proteins are needed to keep the two strands of DNA together during replication.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
DNA replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold a picture frame together. The DNA is like the picture, and the binding proteins are like the nails that keep it in place.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Ligase can be thought of as the "glue" that holds together two pieces of DNA. Just as glue can hold together different materials to create a new object, ligase helps to bind together the genetic instructions within DNA, allowing them to be passed on from one generation to the next.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain ligase to an arts student would be comparing it to a knot. Just as a knot ties two pieces of string together, ligase ties two DNA strands together.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Ligase is a good analogy to explain to an arts student because it is similar to how two pieces of paper are glued together. Ligase is the enzyme that helps stitch DNA strands back together, similar to how glue can help bind two pieces of paper together.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A process control block can be compared to an air traffic controller's radar screen. The radar screen displays all the planes in the airspace and their current positions. The air traffic controller uses this information to make sure that each plane stays a safe distance from one another. In a similar way, the process control block keeps track of all the different processes running on the computer and makes sure that they don't interfere with each other.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain process control block to an arts student would be as follows: imagine that you are a chef in a kitchen. You have several pots of boiling water on the stove, each with its own lid. As long as the lid is on, the pot will continue to boil; if you take the lid off, however, the pot will eventually cool down. The same principle applies to processes running on a computer - as long as the process control block is active (i.e., the "lid" is still on), it will continue to run; if it's not active anymore, then it'll stop running.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A process control block is like a traffic light. It tells the computer when to allow new information into the processor and when to stop it.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain message encoding to an arts student is that of a musician reading sheet music. The musician can look at the notes on the page and play them on their instrument, just as encoded data can be read and processed by a computer.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
When you encode a message, you're like a translator who takes the words of one language and turns them into the code of another. In order to read the encoded message, someone else needs to have the same key to unlock it.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain message encoding to an arts student would be to say that it is similar to sending a letter in the mail. The sender has to encode their message into a format that can be understood by the recipient, and then send it through a medium (such as the postal service) where it will eventually reach its destination.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One way to think of receptor sites is as locks on a door. The drug is the key, and it fits into the lock in a specific way. This analogy can help you understand how a drug can interact with a receptor site to produce its effects.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A relationship between two drugs and their receptor sites can be best explained as a love story. Just like in any healthy relationship, both parties need to be compatible in order for things to work out satisfactorily. In the case of drug-receptor site interaction, this means that the drug needs to have a chemical makeup that is similar enough to the receptor site so that it can “fit” properly and produce the desired effect. If everything lines up correctly, then they both enjoy a harmonious alliance; but if there are any discrepancies, things can quickly go downhill.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to explain receptor sites and drug interaction is that of a lock and key. The drug is the key, and the receptor site is the lock. The drug fits into the receptor site like a key would fit into a lock, opening it up so that whatever function the receptor site controls can take place.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like a television screen. It broadcasts what is happening in one part of the world to people who are watching from another place.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like a large TV screen. It is used to watch shows, movies or other video content.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A monitor is like a window into another world. It can show you what is happening in other places, or give you a different perspective on your surroundings.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One way of thinking about a CPU is as a very powerful and fast artist's paintbrush. Just like an artist needs their brush to be able to quickly and accurately produce the desired strokes, a CPU is need to rapidly execute the commands it receives from software programs.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A CPU can be thought of as the brain of a computer. It is responsible for executing programs, handling data, and performing other essential tasks.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A CPU is to a computer as a brain is to a human. Just as the brain controls all the functions of the human body, the CPU controls all the functions of the computer.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the foundation or skeleton of a computer. It is essentially what all other components, such as the central processing unit (CPU), graphics card, and memory modules, are attached to. Just like a building's foundation determines how stable it is, a motherboard's quality affects the overall performance of a computer system.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the "backbone" of a computer. It is essentially the main circuit board in a system and houses many of the key components that allow a computer to function. Just like an animal's skeleton helps it move and supports its organs, a motherboard helps guide and support all of the different parts inside of a computer.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A motherboard can be thought of as the 'brain' of a computer. It is a circuit board that contains the circuitry that connects the central processing unit (CPU), memory, input/output ports, and other internal components. The motherboard also provides connectors for attaching additional hardware devices such as disk drives, video cards, and network adapters.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Ram can be used as an analogy to explain the creative process to an arts student. Just like a ram, artists need to use their energy and power to butt heads against obstacles in order to create something new.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A ram is a good analogy to explain because it is an animal that has horns. Horns are typically found on animals that mate for life and the male uses them to fight off other males who are trying to take away his mate. This can be used to explain how the horns are related to art because when two artists fall in love with each other, they tend to fight off anyone who tries to come between them and their work.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Ramming is a technique used in shipbuilding whereby the lower part of the bow of one ship is forced into the upper part of another ship. The analogy could be drawn between this and two artists' brushes colliding on a canvas, creating one new painting.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A power supply unit can be thought of as a water tower in the middle of a city. The water tower supplies water to all the buildings in the city and each building has its own faucet that it uses to get water. A power supply unit is like a big faucet in the middle of your computer that provides power to all of the different parts inside your computer.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A power supply unit can be likened to a fuel tank in a car. The PSU converts AC voltage from the wall socket into DC voltage that is usable by the computer's components. Just as you wouldn't want to run out of gas while driving, you don't want your computer to run out of power either!	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A power supply unit is a bit like a gas tank in your car. It stores energy that can be used to run different devices. In the case of a power supply unit, this energy comes from an electrical outlet and is then stored in the power supply until it's needed by whatever device is plugged into it.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A keyboard is a lot like a piano. They both have keys that you press down to make sound.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A keyboard is like a piano. You can play notes by pressing down on the keys.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A keyboard can be thought of as an orchestra. Each key corresponds to a different instrument and when you press them, the corresponding notes are played.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Mouse is like a paintbrush to an artist.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A mouse is like a tiny person who lives inside your computer.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A mouse is like a tiny person who lives in your computer.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain audio card to an arts student would be comparing it to a microphone. A microphone is used to amplify the sound of someone's voice, and an audio card does the same thing for computer sounds.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain an audio card to an arts student would be comparing it to a musical instrument. Just as a violin has different strings that create different notes, an audio card has different ports (like the strings on a violin) that allow you to plug in different devices and play back different sounds.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain an audio card to an arts student would be to compare it to a musical instrument. Just as a musician needs an instrument in order to play music, a computer needs an audio card in order to produce sound.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A video card is like a printer for your computer. It takes the images you see on your monitor and turns them into something that can be printed out or displayed on another screen.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A video card is like a printer for your computer. It takes the images you see on your screen and turns them into something that can be printed or stored.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain a video card to an arts student would be to compare it to a printer. Just as a printer prints out text or images from a computer, a video card sends images and other information to a monitor so that they can be seen.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A tree's age calculation is like measuring the growth of a child over time. You can start by taking a picture at the beginning of the year and then measure how tall the child has grown in inches or feet. In the same way, you could take a picture of a tree at the beginning of the year and then measure its height in meters or yards. By doing this every year, you would be able to track how old the tree is by its height.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
When you look at a tree, you might think it is just the one big giant leafy organism next to your house. But if you could zoom in on a cross-section of the trunk, you would see that the tree is made up of many smaller individual parts - each with its own age. Just like when you cut an apple in half, there are seeds in the core that are older than the slices around them, so too is it with trees. The outer layer of wood may be several years old, while the innermost layers could be decades or even centuries old!	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A tree's age calculation is similar to how an arts student might calculate the age of a painting. The tree's age is calculated by counting the number of rings in its trunk. Similarly, an art student might count the number of layers of paint to determine the age of a painting.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain glycolysis to an arts student would be to say that it is a lot like making a cake. Glucose is the sugar in the cake batter, and when it mixes with the other ingredients, it starts to break down into smaller molecules. These molecules are then used by the oven (the body's cells) to create energy for baking the cake (performing cellular functions).	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose (sugar) into two molecules of pyruvate. This analogy might help: glycolysis is like a car engine turning gasoline into power. The glucose is like the fuel, and the pyruvate is like the energy that powers the car.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain glycolysis to an arts student would be to say that it is like a musician warming up before a performance. Just as the musician warms up by playing scales and running through their repertoire, the cells in our body also need energy in order to function properly. Glycolysis is one of the ways that cells produce this energy.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student would be the reflection of light off a mirror. The light is incident on the mirror at some angle, and is reflected off the surface of the mirror in a direction that is perpendicular to the original incident direction. If there were no mirror, the light would continue traveling in its original direction. However, because of the presence of the mirror, some of the energy is reflected back in the opposite direction (away from the mirror). This phenomenon is known as reflection.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student is the way that light reflects off of a mirror. When light reflects off of a mirror, it bounces in the opposite direction than it came from. This is similar to how anti-stokes scattering works; when particles scatter off of each other, they bounce in the opposite direction than they came from.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One possible analogy for anti-Stokes scattering might be the way in which a rock skipping across the surface of a pond creates tiny ripples that spread out from the point of impact. In much the same way, light waves can be scattered by obstacles in their path (such as particles or molecules in the air), causing them to fan out and become less intense. Anti-Stokes scattering refers to an effect whereby these scattered light waves are actually reinforced and intensified, as opposed to weakened, as they travel away from the obstacle. This occurs when the frequency of the light wave is such that it matches or "resonates" with the natural vibrational frequencies of the obstacle itself.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One analogy to explain stokes scattering to an arts student is that it is similar to the way sunlight scatters off of a diamond. Just as light reflects off of different parts of a diamond, causing it to sparkle, sound waves reflect off of different particles in the air, causing them to scatter.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain stokes scattering to an arts student would be to compare it to light shining through a stained glass window. Just as the colors on the window are scattered when light shines through them, particles in a suspension are scattered when light shines on them.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain stokes scattering to an arts student is the example of how light reflects off a mirror. When light hits a mirror, it is reflected in a specific direction based on the angle at which it hit the mirror. This is similar to how particles scatter when they are hit by light. The amount of scattering that occurs depends on the angle at which the light hits the particle and the size of the particle.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain median lethal dose to an arts student is that it is the equivalent of a person drinking two cups of coffee.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A median lethal dose is like a poison pill that kills half of the people who take it.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A median lethal dose (LD50) is the amount of a substance that, when administered to a group of fifty test subjects, will result in the deaths of half of them. A good analogy to explain this concept to an arts student would be to say that the LD50 is like the "point at which an overdose becomes fatal."	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
The universe is a lot like an artist's canvas. It's huge and there are billions of things happening on it at any given time. Just like an artist, the universe can create beautiful and awe-inspiring things, as well as terrible and destructive things.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain the universe to an arts student would be to say that it is like a painting. The universe has different components (like colors and shapes), and it all works together to create a larger picture. Just as with a painting, the universe is constantly changing and evolving.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
The universe can be thought of as a vast canvass on which the artist (God) has painted an ever-changing masterpiece.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One way to think of enzymes is as tiny machines that do specific jobs in the body. Enzymes are proteins, and they work by fitting into a place on another protein called the substrate. This creates a new protein that can then break down or build other molecules in the body.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
An enzyme is like a key that unlocks a door. The substrate (the thing the enzyme is unlocking) is like the lock on the door, and the active site of the enzyme is like the keyhole. When you put the key in, it turns and opens up the lock.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen. They work by fitting into the spaces on the molecules they interact with, and then using their energy to change the shape of those molecules. This makes it easier for other chemicals to join in and create a reaction. Think of it like a group of people trying to push a car out of the mud. With enough people pushing, the car will eventually move. But if one or two people try to push it alone, they will get tired quickly and not be able to move the car very far.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain anova to an arts student would be to say that it is similar to the way a judge decides who wins a singing competition. The singers are all competing against each other, but the judge is not judging them on how they compare to one another. Instead, the judge is judging them on their own merits.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
An anova is a statistical test that compares the means of three or more groups. It can be thought of as an X-ray machine that takes pictures of differences in bone density.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain anova to an arts student would be to compare it to a tasting menu at a restaurant. The different courses offered on the menu represent the different tests that are being run (anova). And just as you might choose several items from the menu to create a varied and satisfying meal, researchers might use several tests (like anova) in order to analyze their data.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. The conductor sets the beat and tells the musicians when to play their instruments. The thermostat controls the temperature of a room by telling the heating or cooling system when to turn on and off.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A thermostat can be thought of as the brain of a heating or cooling system. Just like the human brain controls the body, the thermostat controls the temperature of a room by sending messages to turn on or off the heating or cooling system.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. It helps to keep the temperature regulated and ensure that everyone is comfortable.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium would be the example of a see-saw. If there is an equal amount of people on each side of the see-saw, it will be in balance. However, if one person gets off the see-saw, then it will imbalance and one side will go down. The same thing happens with chemical reactions; if there is an equal amount of reactants and products, then the reaction is in equilibrium. But, if something happens to change this balance (such as adding more or less reactants), then the reaction shifts until it reaches another equilibrium point.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium is the concept of balance in a scale. When two objects are placed on either side of a scale, the balance tips until each object has an equal weight. In a similar way, when two chemicals are placed in contact with one another, they reach a state of equilibrium where both chemicals have an equal concentration.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student would be a balance scale. When two weights are evenly balanced, the scale is in equilibrium. In a similar way, when two chemicals react equally with each other, the system is in equilibrium.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time to an arts student is that it is like having a closet full of clothes and only taking out the clothes you need for each day. You are not wasting time or money by buying clothes that you will never wear.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time manufacturing would be to imagine a production line for making candy bars. In the traditional model, an assembly line would produce candy bars at set intervals, regardless of how many orders have been placed. With just-in-time manufacturing, however, the factory would only produce as many candy bars as are needed at any given time. This would allow them to respond more quickly to changes in demand and avoid wasting resources on producing excess inventory.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain just-in-time manufacturing to an arts student would be the process of making a movie. Typically, a movie is shot over the course of several weeks, with many scenes being filmed simultaneously. However, the scenes are not edited together until shortly before the film is released. This allows for last-minute changes (e.g., adjusting dialogue or adding new effects) without having to go back and reshoot entire sections of the movie. In much the same way, just-in-time manufacturing relies on suppliers delivering components "just in time" for assembly into a final product.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an immune system that "learns" after it is exposed to a pathogen. Just as a person's muscles get stronger after they exercise, the adaptive immune system gets better at fighting off pathogens after it has been exposed to them. This analogy might help students understand how the adaptive immune response works: Imagine you are in a martial arts class and your Sensei (teacher) tells you that you will now be learning self-defense techniques against an attacker who is wielding a knife. In order for you to learn how to defend yourself against this type of attack, your Sensei will have someone come into the dojo and attack you with a knife. You will then have the opportunity to practice defending yourself against this type of attack. After doing this several times, you will become better at defending yourself against someone who is attacking with a knife. The same thing happens with the adaptive immune response - by being exposed to different types of pathogens, our cells learn how best to fight them off.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to an arts student would be to compare it to the immune system of a human body. The human immune system is constantly fighting off invading viruses, bacteria and other organisms. It does this by recognizing specific proteins on the surface of these organisms that are not found on healthy cells in the body. The human immune system produces antibodies that specifically recognize and bind to these foreign proteins. This can neutralize the invader or help destroy it. In a similar way, the adaptive immune system also recognizes specific proteins on invading pathogens. However, instead of producing antibodies, it produces T-cells and B-cells that specifically recognize these proteins. These cells then remember how to fight off that particular invader in future encounters.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to an arts student would be that of a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer is constantly watching the door and assessing who should and should not be allowed into the club. If someone tries to push their way past the bouncer, they will likely be stopped. However, if someone is recognized as being a regular customer or if they have a friend who is already inside, then the bouncer will likely let them in without any trouble. In much the same way, our immune system is always on guard against potential threats. If something unfamiliar comes along, our immune system will respond by attacking it. However, if we are exposed to something more often (like a cold virus), then our immune system will eventually learn to recognize it and stop attacking it so aggressively.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain Ohm's law to an arts student is that of a water hose. When the water pressure is high, more water comes out of the hose. Similarly, when the voltage is high, more current flows through the wire.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Ohm's law is similar to the water pressure in a hose. The more water that is flowing through the hose (current), the higher the pressure at the nozzle. Similarly, with an electric current, the more electrons that are flowing, the greater the voltage.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A musician follows a score to create music. An ohm's law analogy could be that an electric current is like musical notes, and the resistor is like a musician who follows the notes to play their instrument.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
One way to think of transcription is as a "mirror" process, in which the genetic information in DNA is copied and then used to create proteins. Just as you might see your reflection in a mirror, the genetic instructions in DNA are "read" by enzymes and used to produce a new molecule called RNA (ribonucleic acid). RNA can then be used by cells to make proteins.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Transcription is a bit like taking dictation. You are listening to someone speak and writing down what they say word for word.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Transcription is a bit like taking dictation. You are listening to someone speak and writing down what they say word for word.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain RNA polymerase to an arts student would be to say that it is a bit like a typewriter. Just as a typewriter uses letters to create words, RNA polymerase uses nucleotides (the building blocks of DNA) to create strands of RNA.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain RNA polymerase to an arts student would be to say that it is the “glue” that holds together the genetic material of a cell.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain RNA polymerase to an arts student would be to say that it is like a typewriter. Just as the typewriter prints letters one at a time, RNA polymerase assembles individual nucleotides into a strand of RNA.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A ribosome is like a construction worker. It takes the blueprints from the engineer (mRNA) and builds the house using the materials it is given (amino acids).	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy for ribosomes to an arts student would be that they are the "workers" in the cell. Just as a construction crew is responsible for building a house, ribosomes are responsible for building proteins.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A ribosome is like a construction worker who reads the blueprint for a building and then assembles the building using the pieces that are provided.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
If activator protein is the director of a play, then the DNA is the script. The activator protein tells the genes what to do and when to do it.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain activator protein to an arts student is that it is like a key that unlocks the door to DNA. The activator protein binds to specific sections of DNA, and then recruits other proteins that help to turn on or activate the genes located in that section.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks the door to a room. The activator protein binds to certain molecules in the cell, which then activates other proteins that cause the cell to change or grow.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Electricity is like water in a pipe. The voltage is the pressure of the electricity, measured in volts. The current is the volume of electricity, measured in amps. Resistance is like a narrowing in the pipe, slowing down the water (electricity).	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain electric circuits to an arts student might be to compare it to a group of people who are all linked together by rope. Each person in the group is holding one end of the rope and, as a result, every other person in the group is affected by their movements. In much the same way, each component in an electric circuit affects every other component in the circuit.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Electricity is like water in a hose. The more water pressure you have, the farther the water will go. Voltage (pressure) in an electric circuit makes electrons flow through the wire just like water flows through a hose when you turn on the faucet.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
Water droplets will bead up and roll off a hydrophobic surface, such as wax. This is because the water molecules are attracted to each other more than they are attracted to the hydrophobic material.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to an arts student?	ht	arts	0
Water molecules are polar, meaning that the oxygen atom has a partial negative charge and the hydrogen atoms have a partial positive charge. Nonpolar molecules lack this polarity. In general, water molecules are attracted to one another (due to their polarity) and are repelled by nonpolar molecules. This is why oil and water do not mix: Oil is made up of many nonpolar molecules, so it is not attracted to the polar water molecules.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to an arts student?	ht	arts	0
A good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to an arts student would be that of two magnets. If you have ever played with two magnets, you will know that when they are close to each other, the north poles will align and the south pole of one magnet will attract the north pole of the other. This is because opposite poles attract each other. In a similar way, water molecules are attracted to each other due to their polarity - the oxygen atom in a water molecule has a negative charge and the hydrogen atoms have a positive charge. However, water molecules are also repelled by each other due to their hydrophobic (water-hating) elements.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to an arts student is the act of turning a light switch on and off. When you flip the switch, electricity flows from the power source to the lightbulb, and the light turns on. In a similxar way, when a hormone or other molecule sends a signal into a cell, it triggers a chain of reactions that eventually causes the cellular machinery to change its behavior.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to an arts student would be a theatrical performance. In both cases, there is a message that is being transmitted from one person (or group of people) to another. The performer is like the molecule sending the signal, while the audience is like the cells receiving it. Just as in real life, things can go wrong during a theatrical performance if someone misses their cue or gets out of sync with everyone else. This can be analogous to something going wrong during a biological process if one of the molecules involved in signaling doesn't respond properly.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to an arts student would be the way a musician uses different instruments to create a symphony. Just as each instrument in a band has its own unique sound, cells use different proteins (molecules that conduct signals) to relay messages and carry out specific functions. Like a conductor who assembles musicians to create a masterpiece, hormones and other signaling molecules orchestrate the activities of cells by activating or inhibiting the proteins they need to do their jobs.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to an arts student?	ht	arts	1
