Nadh is like the "fuel" that helps muscles work. It is produced when the body breaks down food, and it is needed to create energy.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to student who likes sports.
Proteins are like the athletes of the cell. They are responsible for many of the cell's activities, including movement, communication, and reproduction. Just as athletes need to eat a healthy diet to stay in shape, proteins need to eat healthy to stay functional.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to student who likes sports.
DNA is like the playbook for a sports team. It tells the players what to do on the field.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to student who likes sports.
Glycogen is like a gas tank in a car. It is a storage form of glucose, which is the main energy source for the body. Glucose is stored in the liver and muscles in the form of glycogen. When the body needs energy, glycogen is converted back to glucose and used for energy.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to student who likes sports.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the sports stadium. It is a large structure where the action happens. The endoplasmic reticulum is where the proteins are made.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to student who likes sports.
Golgi is like the referee in a sports game. He is responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players follow the rules. He also ensures that the game is run smoothly.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to student who likes sports.
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the "goal" or "end zone" in a sport. It is the final destination for the ball (or any other object) and the goal of the game. The plasma membrane is the boundary of the cell and is responsible for keeping the contents of the cell inside while keeping things like nutrients and oxygen from entering or leaving the cell.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to student who likes sports.
Lysosomes are like the "garbage cans" of the cell. They are small sacs that contain enzymes that break down proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. This process is called "lysosomal degradation" and it helps to recycle these molecules back into the cell. Lysosomes also help to get rid of damaged or old cells.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to student who likes sports.
Peroxisomes are like the referees in a sports game. They are responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players are following the rules.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to student who likes sports.
Mitochondria are like the engines in a car. They produce the energy that the car needs to run. In the same way, mitochondria produce the energy that cells need to run.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to student who likes sports.
Chloroplasts are like the referees in a sports game. They are responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players are following the rules. Chloroplasts also help to keep the game running smoothly by providing energy to the players.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to student who likes sports.
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a sports player. It provides support and structure to the cell. The cytoskeleton also helps the cell move and interact with its environment.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to student who likes sports.
ATP is the energy currency of the body. It is like money that is used to buy things. When you do something active, like playing sports, your body uses up ATP. You need to replace the ATP that you use up, or you will get tired. You can do this by eating food or drinking sports drinks.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to student who likes sports.
NADPH is like the "fuel" that helps the body's muscles work. It is produced when the body breaks down food, and it is needed to help create new cells and energy.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to student who likes sports.
Peroxysomes are like the referees in a sports game. They are responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players are following the rules.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to student who likes sports.
Mytochondria are the "powerhouses" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP). This energy is necessary for the cell to carry out its functions. Mytochondria are found in all cells, but are most abundant in muscle cells. This is why athletes tend to have more muscular bodies - their mytochondria are working harder than those of someone who is not as active.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to student who likes sports.
Electric forces are like the force that is used when playing sports. It is the force that helps you throw the ball or hit the ball.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to student who likes sports.
An orbital is like a football stadium. The electron is like a fan in the stands. The electron can be in any seat in the stadium, but it is most likely to be in the seats near the middle.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to student who likes sports.
The first line of defense in the body is similar to a team of football players. The players are constantly moving and working together to protect the goal. If someone tries to break through the defense and score a goal, the players will try to stop them. The first line of defense in the body is made up of different cells and tissues that work together to protect the body. If someone tries to break through the defense and get sick, the cells and tissues will try to stop them.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to student who likes sports.
Macrophages are like the referees of the immune system. They are responsible for monitoring the environment and ensuring that everything is running smoothly. If they see something that doesn't look right, they will step in and take action.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to student who likes sports.
T-helper cells are like the quarterback on a football team. They are responsible for organizing and directing the other cells in the immune system to fight off infection.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to student who likes sports.
B-lymphocytes are like the linebackers on a football team. They are big and strong and they protect the other players by attacking the other team's players.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to student who likes sports.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the defensive linemen on a football team. They are responsible for attacking and destroying any cells that are not supposed to be in the body.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to student who likes sports.
When bacteria invade the body, they are like an opposing team invading the other team's territory. The body's immune system is like the defense trying to stop the bacteria from taking over. The bacteria can cause infection and illness in the body just like an opposing team can score points and win a game.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to student who likes sports.
When a sports fan watches a game, they may become excited when their favorite team makes a good play. This excitement is an example of an action potential. An action potential is a sudden change in the electrical potential of a neuron. This change in potential causes the neuron to fire, or send a signal to other neurons.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to student who likes sports.
Chromatography is like when you are watching a sports game on TV and the camera zooms in on the action. The camera is like the chromatograph and the players are like the molecules. The chromatograph separates the molecules according to their size and shape.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to student who likes sports.
Stars are like athletes in that they have a limited lifetime. The main sequence lifetime of a star is the length of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. This is similar to an athlete's playing career. The star's main sequence lifetime is determined by its mass. The more massive a star is, the shorter its main sequence lifetime.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to student who likes sports.
Nucleus is like the quarterback of a football team. He is the leader and makes the decisions. The other players follow his lead.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to student who likes sports.
Ribosomes are like the players on a sports team. They are responsible for carrying out the instructions of the coach (the genetic information in DNA) and assembling the proteins that the team needs to win the game.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to student who likes sports.
The golgi apparatus is like the referee in a sports game. It is responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players follow the rules. It also helps to keep the game organized and running smoothly.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to student who likes sports.
Lysosomes are like the "garbage cans" of the cell. They are small sacs that contain enzymes that break down proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. This process is called "lysosomal degradation" and it helps to recycle these molecules back into the cell. Lysosomes also help to get rid of damaged or old cells.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to student who likes sports.
The nuclear envelope is like the protective casing for a soccer ball. It is made of a tough material that helps to keep the ball in shape and prevents it from being damaged.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to student who likes sports.
A vacuole is like a small, enclosed space inside a larger space. For example, the space inside a basketball is enclosed by the basketball's walls. This enclosed space is the vacuole.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to student who likes sports.
Cytoplasm is like the players on a sports team. The players are the cytoplasm and the coach is the nucleus. The players work together to win the game.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to student who likes sports.
Chromosomes are like the players on a sports team. They are the ones who do all of the work and make the game possible.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to student who likes sports.
Cytosol is like the sports arena. It is where all the action happens. The cytosol is where the cells carry out their activities.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to student who likes sports.
A cell is like a small sports stadium. It has a lot of people (cells) inside it and it has a lot of action going on. The people are all doing different things and the stadium is full of energy.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to student who likes sports.
A vesicle is like a small, round sports ball. It is filled with a fluid and has a thin membrane that surrounds it. The membrane is strong enough to hold the fluid inside, but it is also flexible so that the ball can move around.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to student who likes sports.
A cell wall is like a fence that surrounds a soccer field. It helps to keep the players on the field and the ball in play.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to student who likes sports.
Cells are like the players on a sports team. They work together to achieve a common goal. Cells are the smallest unit of life and they make up all living things.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to student who likes sports.
The cell membrane is like a soccer ball. It is made of an outer layer and an inner layer. The outer layer is tough and can protect the inner layer. The inner layer is soft and can hold the air inside.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to student who likes sports.
The golgi body is like the referee in a sports game. It is responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players follow the rules. It also helps to keep the game running smoothly.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to student who likes sports.
Capacitance is a bit like the air in a football. It's not something you can see, but it's there and it affects how the ball moves. The more air in the ball, the harder it is to move. In the same way, the more capacitance in a circuit, the harder it is for electricity to flow.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to student who likes sports.
Electric current is like a flow of water in a river. Just as the water in the river flows downhill, the electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to student who likes sports.
Voltage is like the power behind a football player. It is what makes them run fast and jump high. Voltage is what powers all electronic devices.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to student who likes sports.
In a cell, specialization is like different players on a sports team. Each player has a specific role to play in order for the team to be successful. Communication is like the coach, who coordinates the players and ensures that they are all working together.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to student who likes sports.
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This law is similar to the law of conservation of energy in that it states that energy cannot be created or destroyed, it can only be transferred. In the context of sports, this law would mean that the total energy of the system (the players, the ball, and the field) is constant.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to student who likes sports.
A density wave is like a crowd of people at a sporting event. The people are all packed together in one area, and then they slowly spread out. The wave of people moves through the crowd, and as it moves, it pushes people to the side.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to student who likes sports.
Enzymes are like the referees of the sports world. They are responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players are following the rules. Enzymes also make sure that the game is played safely and that no one gets hurt.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to student who likes sports.
Your brain is like a muscle. The more you use it, the stronger it gets. The same is true for your memory. The more you use your memory, the stronger it gets. Active memory is like a muscle that you can use to remember things.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to student who likes sports.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step that determines how fast the reaction will occur. This step is usually the slowest step in the reaction. For example, in a race, the rate-determining step is the step that determines how fast the runners will finish the race. The slowest runner will determine the overall race time.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to student who likes sports.
Column chromatography is like a long, tall basketball hoop. The basketball (the mobile phase) is dribbled up the hoop (the column) and the players (the stationary phase) try to block the ball (the analyte). The taller the hoop, the more difficult it is to block the ball.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to student who likes sports.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a game of tug-of-war. The two teams are fighting against each other, but eventually they reach a point where they are both equally strong and they stop moving. This is like chemical equilibrium, where the two chemicals are fighting against each other but eventually they reach a point where they are both equally strong and they stop moving.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to student who likes sports.
A vacuole is like a small, enclosed space in a sports stadium. It's a great place to take a break from the action and relax.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to student who likes sports.
A transport vesicle is like a small, personal, transportation pod that helps to shuttle materials around the cell. This pod is especially useful for carrying materials between different parts of the cell, or for transporting them out of the cell. Just like there are different types of transportation vehicles for different types of terrain (e.g. cars for driving on roads, trains for travelling on tracks, boats for travelling on water), there are different types of transport vesicles that are suited for different tasks. For example, there are transport vesicles that are good for carrying proteins and other large molecules, and there are transport vesicles that are good for carrying small molecules like glucose.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to student who likes sports.
Proto-oncogenes are like the coach of a sports team. They help to organize and coordinate the activities of the team. They also help to regulate the team's performance. However, if the coach becomes too aggressive or domineering, he or she can turn into an oncogene. Oncogenes can cause the team to become out of control and can lead to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to student who likes sports.
Oncogenes are like the players on a sports team. They are the genes that control how a cell grows and divides. When these genes are mutated, they can cause the cell to grow and divide out of control, leading to cancer.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to student who likes sports.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the referees in a sports game. They make sure the game is played fairly and that the players follow the rules. If one of the players starts to break the rules, the referees step in and stop them. Tumor suppressor genes do the same thing in the body. They make sure that the cells are behaving properly and that they are not growing out of control. If a cell starts to grow too quickly or behaves in a way that is not normal, the tumor suppressor genes stop it.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to student who likes sports.
Brittle software is like a basketball player who is very tall and can shoot the ball really well, but is not very good at defending or rebounding. The basketball player can score a lot of points, but is not very useful in the game overall.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to student who likes sports.
Resonance hybrid is similar to a sports team. The team is made up of different players who each have their own strengths and weaknesses. However, when they come together as a team, their strengths complement each other and they are able to achieve more than they could as individuals. In the same way, the different orbitals in a resonance hybrid molecule work together to create a more stable molecule than any of the individual orbitals could.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to student who likes sports.
The wave mechanical model of a molecule is like a sports game. The molecule is the players on the field and the wave mechanical model is the game plan or playbook. The wave mechanical model tells us how the players should move on the field in order to win the game.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to student who likes sports.
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. This test is used to help diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures. During the test, small metal discs (electrodes) are placed on your head. These electrodes measure the electrical activity in your brain.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to student who likes sports.
DNA replication is a bit like a sports team. The team has a playbook with all the plays they can run. During a game, the team will select a play and run it. The players on the team will follow the instructions in the playbook and do their best to score a touchdown. DNA replication is a bit like that. The DNA has a set of instructions (the playbook) and the cells will select a sequence of DNA and replicate it. The cells will follow the instructions in the DNA and create new cells.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to student who likes sports.
RNA transcription is similar to a sports game. The "game" is the process of transcription, and the "players" are the enzymes that catalyze the process. The "ball" is the RNA molecule, and the "field" is the DNA molecule. The "goal" is to create a copy of the DNA molecule's information in RNA form.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to student who likes sports.
Protein translation is similar to a basketball game. The genetic code is the basketball court, the mRNA is the player, and the tRNA is the referee. The game begins when the player dribbles the ball down the court. The referee calls a foul if the player jumps into the air and dunks the ball. The referee also calls a foul if the player pushes another player. The game ends when the player scores a goal.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to student who likes sports.
An ecosystem can be thought of as a sports team. The team has different players (species) who work together to achieve a common goal (survival). The players need each other to be successful and the team cannot function without all of its players.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to student who likes sports.
When an athlete makes a move on the playing field, this action doesn't happen instantaneously. It takes time for the action to travel from the athlete's brain to their muscles. This is similar to how an action potential travels down a neuron. The action potential starts at the neuron's cell body and travels down the axon to the synapse. From there, the action potential travels across the synapse to the next neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to student who likes sports.
Breathing is like the process of filling up and emptying a balloon. When you inhale, your lungs fill up with air like the balloon. The air travels down your windpipe and into your lungs. When you exhale, the air leaves your lungs and goes back up your windpipe and out of your mouth.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to student who likes sports.
A layered architecture for a sports team would be similar to the way a football team is organized. The team would have a layer of players who are responsible for running and catching the ball, a layer of players who are responsible for blocking and tackling, and a layer of players who are responsible for quarterbacking and passing. Each layer would be responsible for a different aspect of the game, and the team would be more successful if all of the layers worked together effectively.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to student who likes sports.
A limiting reactant is like a player on a sports team who is not getting enough playing time. This player may be very talented, but because there are others who are playing more, the player is not able to show his or her talent. An excess reactant is like a player on a sports team who is getting too much playing time. This player may not be very talented, but because he or she is playing more than the others, the player is able to show his or her talent.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to student who likes sports.
A eukaryotic cell is like a professional sports team. The team has many different players who work together to win games. The players have specialized jobs and work together to achieve the team's goals. The team's coach helps the players to work together and to improve their skills.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to student who likes sports.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small sports team. There are a lot of players (proteins) who work together to achieve a common goal (cellular function). The players are all very important and work together to make the team successful.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to student who likes sports.
The kernel of an operating system is like the quarterback of a football team. The quarterback is responsible for calling the plays and directing the team on the field. The kernel is responsible for controlling the operations of the computer and managing the resources of the system.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to student who likes sports.
A limiting reactant is like a player on a sports team who is not able to play as well as the other players. The other players can continue to play as usual, but the limiting reactant will hold the team back.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to student who likes sports.
Helicase is like a sports referee. It ensures that the game is played fairly and that the players follow the rules. In the same way, helicase ensures that the DNA strands are unwound properly and that the genetic information is accurately copied.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to student who likes sports.
DNA replication binding proteins are like the referees of a sports game. They make sure that the game is played fairly and that the players follow the rules. In the same way, DNA replication binding proteins make sure that the DNA replication process happens correctly and that all the pieces are in the right place.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to student who likes sports.
Ligase is like the glue that holds the pieces of a puzzle together. It helps to keep the DNA together and helps to create new DNA strands.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to student who likes sports.
Process control block is like a quarterback in football. The quarterback is in charge of the offense and he makes sure that everything is running smoothly. He also makes sure that the players are in the right position and that they are doing what they are supposed to be doing. The quarterback is the leader of the team and he makes sure that everyone is working together.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to student who likes sports.
Encoding a message is similar to sending a player onto the field. The player needs to know the game plan in order to be successful. The coach sends the player onto the field with a specific set of instructions that will help the player succeed. The player's success depends on their ability to understand and execute the coach's plan.Similarly, when encoding a message, the sender needs to provide the recipient with specific instructions on how to decode the message. The success of the message depends on the recipient's ability to understand and follow the instructions.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to student who likes sports.
Drugs and receptor sites are like athletes and sports teams. The athletes are the drugs and the receptor sites are the sports teams. The athletes compete against each other to see which one is stronger. The stronger athlete (drug) wins and is able to bind to the receptor site.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to student who likes sports.
A monitor is like a referee in a sports game. They make sure that the game is played fairly and that the players are following the rules.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to student who likes sports.
The CPU is like the quarterback of a football team. It is responsible for making all of the important decisions and directing the other players on the field.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to student who likes sports.
A motherboard is like the skeleton of a sports team. It is the foundation that everything else is built on. The motherboard holds all of the important information and components that allow the team to function.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to student who likes sports.
Ram is a type of sports car. It is a fast car that is used in races.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to student who likes sports.
A power supply unit in a sports context would be like the fuel that powers an athlete's body. Just as a car needs gasoline to run, an athlete needs food and water to perform well. The power supply unit in a computer is like the engine, and the food and water are like the fuel that keeps the engine running.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to student who likes sports.
A keyboard is like a sports team. The keyboard has many different players (keys) who each have a specific role in order to create a successful outcome (a message). Just like in sports, the keyboard needs a good mix of players (keys) who can work together to achieve the desired goal.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to student who likes sports.
Mouse is a small, furry creature that is often used as a symbol for computer input. Mouse is also the name of a popular computer game.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to student who likes sports.
An audio card is like a sports car. It is a device that allows you to listen to music or other audio files. It is a way to improve your audio experience when you are listening to something.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to student who likes sports.
A video card is like a quarterback in American football. The video card is responsible for telling the rest of the computer what to do and how to do it.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to student who likes sports.
The tree's age calculation is like keeping track of how many years a basketball player has been playing. Just as the tree has rings that show its age, a basketball has markings that show how many years it has been used.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to student who likes sports.
Glycolysis is like the process of refueling a car. Glucose is like the gasoline, and the energy released by glycolysis is like the energy released by the car's engine.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to student who likes sports.
When a tennis ball is hit, it scatters in all directions. This is called Stoke's scattering. When the ball is hit again, it scatters in a new direction. This is called anti-Stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to student who likes sports.
Stokes scattering is like when a quarterback throws a football and it is caught by a receiver. The quarterback throws the ball with some force and the receiver catches it with his hands. The ball then bounces off the receiver's hands and goes back to the quarterback. This is an example of stokes scattering.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to student who likes sports.
The median lethal dose is the dose of a drug that is lethal to 50% of the population. In other words, it is the dose that kills half of the people who take it. To put it in terms of sports, the median lethal dose would be the dose of a drug that would kill half of the players on a football team.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to student who likes sports.
The universe can be thought of as a giant sports stadium. The stadium is filled with an infinite number of spectators. Each spectator is an individual universe. The spectators are watching an infinite number of games, each taking place in its own universe.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to student who likes sports.
Enzyme mechanism is like a sports game. The enzyme is like the player, and the substrate is like the ball. The enzyme and substrate interact, and the enzyme changes the substrate. The product is like the goal, and the enzyme releases the product.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to student who likes sports.
Anova is a statistical technique used to compare the means of two or more groups. It is similar to the t-test, but can be used with more than two groups. The test determines whether the means of the groups are statistically different from each other.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to student who likes sports.
A thermostat is a device that helps control the temperature in a room. It does this by turning on or off the furnace or air conditioner, depending on the temperature that is set on the thermostat.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to student who likes sports.
Chemical equilibrium is like a game of tug-of-war. In this analogy, the two teams are the reactants and the products. The rope is the chemical equilibrium. The reactants are pulling on the rope with all their might, while the products are pushing back just as hard. In the end, the two teams are evenly matched, and the rope doesn't move. This is what happens in a chemical reaction. The reactants and products are in equilibrium, and the reaction doesn't progress any further.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to student who likes sports.
Just-in-time is like a basketball game. The players have to be in the right place at the right time to make the shot. The team can't waste time running up and down the court with the ball. They have to be efficient and make the most of their opportunities.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to student who likes sports.
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an athlete who is constantly adapting and improving their performance in order to compete at the highest level. The athlete's body is constantly making small changes (adaptations) to improve how they function. This can be seen with the development of muscle mass and strength, as well as an increase in the athlete's endurance. In a similar way, the body's immune system is constantly adapting and improving in order to protect us from disease. This can be seen with the development of immunity to specific diseases, as well as an increase in the body's overall resistance to infection.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to student who likes sports.
Ohm's law is like a rule in sports that helps players know how to play their game. The rule states that if a player wants to move the ball down the field, they need to apply a certain amount of pressure (force) to the ball. The amount of pressure needed depends on how far the player wants to move the ball. If they want to move the ball a short distance, they need to apply less pressure than if they want to move the ball a long distance.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to student who likes sports.
Transcription is like when a coach explains the game plan to his players. The coach is telling the players what to do on the field and how to do it. The players listen and then go out and do their best to carry out the coach's instructions. Transcription is the same way. The genetic information is like the coach's instructions, and the RNA is like the players who listen and carry out the instructions.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to student who likes sports.
RNA polymerase is like a sports referee. It ensures that the game is played fairly and that the players follow the rules. RNA polymerase makes sure that the correct pieces of DNA are copied accurately, and that the new DNA molecules are put in the correct places in the cells.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to student who likes sports.
Ribosomes are like the coaches of a sports team. They help to create and organize the proteins that are needed for the team to function.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to student who likes sports.
An activator protein is like a coach. It helps to activate the other proteins that are responsible for the muscle movement.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to student who likes sports.
An electric circuit is like a sports game. There are players (the components of the circuit) and the game is played by following the rules (the laws of electricity). The players can score points by doing things that are allowed by the rules (the components can produce electricity by following the laws of physics) and the team with the most points at the end of the game wins (the circuit is completed and the electricity flows).	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to student who likes sports.
Water is like a sports team. It is made up of many players who work together to win. Hydrophobic molecules are like the players who don't like water and stay away from it. Hydrophobic molecules don't work well with water and tend to clump together. This is why oil and water don't mix.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to student who likes sports.
When you watch a sporting event, the athletes are sending and receiving signals to each other. This is done through a process called signal transduction. The athletes are sending signals to each other through their movements, and they are receiving signals from the referee and the other players. The signals are transmitted through the air, and they are received by the athletes’ ears. The athletes then interpret the signals and react accordingly.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to student who likes sports.
