Nadh is like the salt in cooking. It is a necessary ingredient that makes the food taste better.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to student who likes cooking.
Cooking proteins is a lot like cooking other foods. You need to use the right ingredients, cook them at the right temperature, and use the right techniques. Proteins are made up of amino acids, and there are 20 different kinds of amino acids. Some proteins are made up of just a few amino acids, while others are made up of many. Proteins can be cooked in many different ways, but they all have to be cooked properly in order to be safe to eat.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to student who likes cooking.
DNA is like a recipe for a dish. It tells the cells in your body how to make the proteins that make up your body.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to student who likes cooking.
Glycogen is like a cookbook. It is a collection of recipes that can be used to make food. The recipes are written down and organized in a way that makes them easy to follow.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to student who likes cooking.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the kitchen of a house. It is where all the cooking happens. The endoplasmic reticulum is responsible for making all the proteins that are needed in the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to student who likes cooking.
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like a kitchen. It takes the raw ingredients that come in from the cell's cytoplasm (like flour, sugar, eggs, and butter) and processes them into something that the cell can use (like cakes, cookies, and pastries). The Golgi apparatus also packages up the finished products and sends them off to other parts of the cell, or even to other cells.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to student who likes cooking.
The plasma membrane is like a kitchen stove. The stove has a heating element that produces heat, and the heat is used to cook food. The plasma membrane has a heating element that produces heat, and the heat is used to cook food. The stove has a cooking surface that the food is placed on, and the food is cooked by the heat that is produced by the heating element. The plasma membrane has a surface that the food is placed on, and the food is cooked by the heat that is produced by the heating element. The stove has a fan that circulates the air around the cooking surface, and the fan helps to cook the food evenly. The plasma membrane has a fan that circulates the molecules around the surface, and the fan helps to cook the food evenly.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to student who likes cooking.
Lysosomes are like the stomach of a cook. The stomach is where the cook can digest food and extract the nutrients the food contains. Lysosomes are where cells digest and extract the nutrients from food.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to student who likes cooking.
Peroxisomes are like small ovens in the cell. They are used to cook food for the cell.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to student who likes cooking.
Mitochondria are like the ovens in a kitchen. They take in food (like sugar) and turn it into energy that the cell can use.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to student who likes cooking.
Chloroplasts are like the ovens in a kitchen. They use energy from the sun to cook food (like sugar) for the plant.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to student who likes cooking.
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a cookbook. It is the framework that holds the cookbook together. The cytoskeleton also helps to keep the cookbook open so that the recipes can be easily read.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to student who likes cooking.
ATP is like the gas in your car. It is what makes the engine run. In the same way, ATP is what makes your muscles work.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to student who likes cooking.
NADPH is like the "fuel" that helps the "cooking" process in the body. It helps turn the food we eat into energy for our cells.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to student who likes cooking.
Peroxysomes are like tiny ovens in the cell. They are used to cook food for the cell.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to student who likes cooking.
Mytochondria are the cells in your body that produce energy. Just like a stove in a kitchen can produce heat and cook food, mytochondria produce energy that helps your cells function.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to student who likes cooking.
Electric forces are like the forces that hold together the ingredients in a cake. Just as the ingredients in a cake need to be held together to make a cake, the atoms in a material need to be held together by electric forces.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to student who likes cooking.
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is like the oven of a kitchen. The electron is like a pizza, and the oven is like the orbital. The oven has a certain size and shape, and the pizza can only fit in the oven if it is the right size and shape. The pizza can be in any part of the oven, but it will be hotter the closer it is to the oven's heat source.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to student who likes cooking.
The first line of defense in the body is similar to a kitchen's fire extinguisher. It is a system that is in place to prevent a small fire from becoming a large one. In the body, this system is made up of white blood cells that work to destroy any bacteria or viruses that enter the body.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to student who likes cooking.
Macrophages are like the oven in your kitchen. They are the large, white cells in your body that digest and destroy bacteria, dead cells, and other foreign substances.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to student who likes cooking.
T-helper cells are like the chefs in a kitchen. They are responsible for creating the recipes (or cytokines) that will help the other cells in the immune system do their jobs.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to student who likes cooking.
B-lymphocytes are like the chefs in a kitchen. They are responsible for creating the recipes (antibodies) that will help protect the body from infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to student who likes cooking.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the chefs in a kitchen. They are responsible for preparing and cooking the food. In the same way, cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are responsible for destroying cancer cells and other infected cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to student who likes cooking.
When you are cooking, you may add ingredients like salt, pepper, and oil to make the food taste better. These ingredients are called spices. Bacteria are like spices. They are added to the food to make it taste better. However, just like too much salt can ruin a dish, too much bacteria can make you sick.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to student who likes cooking.
Action potential is like when you turn on the stove to cook. The stove is like the neuron, and the gas is like the action potential. When you turn on the stove, the gas starts flowing and the heat builds up. When the heat reaches a certain point, the gas ignites and the flame starts cooking the food. In the same way, when the action potential reaches a certain point, it ignites and the neuron fires.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to student who likes cooking.
Chromatography is like cooking because it is a way to separate the different parts of a mixture. In cooking, you might use different spices to make a dish taste different. Chromatography is like that too, because it separates the different parts of a mixture by their different colors.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to student who likes cooking.
The main sequence lifetime of a star is like the cooking time for a dish. The longer you cook it, the more done it will be.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to student who likes cooking.
The nucleus is like the heart of the atom. It is where the atom's most important information is stored.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to student who likes cooking.
Ribosomes are like the kitchen of a restaurant. They are responsible for taking the orders from the kitchen (the DNA) and creating the food that the customers will eat.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to student who likes cooking.
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like a kitchen. It is where the food is prepared before it is sent to the rest of the body. The Golgi apparatus is made up of a series of tubes and sacs that process and package the proteins and other materials that are to be sent to other parts of the cell.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to student who likes cooking.
Lysosomes are like the stomach of a cook. The stomach is where the cook can digest food and extract the nutrients the food contains. Lysosomes are where cells can digest their own contents and extract the nutrients they need.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to student who likes cooking.
The nuclear envelope is like the wrapping on a present. It is a thin membrane that surrounds the nucleus of the cell.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to student who likes cooking.
A vacuole is like a container in the kitchen that can hold different types of food. It is a small, round, and clear container that is used to store food.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to student who likes cooking.
The cytoplasm is like the sauce in a recipe. It is the part of the cell that contains all of the important molecules and organelles.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to student who likes cooking.
Chromosomes are like the ingredients in a recipe. Just as you need certain ingredients to make a dish, you need certain chromosomes to make a cell. Chromosomes are also like the instructions for a recipe. They tell the cell what to do.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to student who likes cooking.
Cytosol is like the broth in a soup. It is a liquid that contains all of the dissolved proteins, salts, and other molecules that are found in a cell.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to student who likes cooking.
A cell is like a small kitchen. It has all the tools you need to cook, like a stove, oven, and sink. It also has storage for your ingredients, like cabinets and a refrigerator.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is all about creating flavors and textures in food. Vesicles are like little flavor packets that can be used to enhance the taste and texture of food. They are made up of a flavorful liquid that is surrounded by a thin membrane. This membrane can be broken down to release the flavor into the food.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to student who likes cooking.
A cell wall is like a kitchen wall. It is a barrier that separates the kitchen from the living room. It is made of materials that are strong and durable, so that it can withstand the wear and tear of everyday use.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is all about taking different ingredients and combining them in a way that makes a delicious meal. Cells are a lot like that. They are made up of different molecules that all work together to create a functioning cell. Just like in cooking, the different molecules in a cell have to work together in order for the cell to survive.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to student who likes cooking.
The cell membrane is like a pot of soup. The soup is made up of different ingredients, and each ingredient has a specific job. The cell membrane is made up of different molecules, and each molecule has a specific job.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to student who likes cooking.
The Golgi body is like a kitchen in the body. It is where the food is prepared and packaged for delivery to the cells.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to student who likes cooking.
Capacitance is a lot like the size of a pot. The bigger the pot, the more water it can hold. In the same way, capacitance is a measure of how much electric charge a capacitor can store.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to student who likes cooking.
Electric current is like the flow of water in a kitchen sink. Just as the water flows from the faucet to the drain, electric current flows from the power source to the appliance.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to student who likes cooking.
Voltage is like the heat of a stove. It is the energy that makes things happen.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to student who likes cooking.
In a cell, specialization is like having different cooks in a kitchen. Each cook specializes in a different dish, but they all work together to create a meal. Communication is like the recipe book that the cooks use to make sure they are all making the same dish.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to student who likes cooking.
Just as in cooking, where heat is transferred in a particular direction, electrical current flows in a particular direction. Kirchhoff's Voltage Law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This means that the current flowing into a component is equal to the current flowing out of that component.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to student who likes cooking.
A density wave is like a ripple in a pond. It starts out small and gradually gets bigger as it moves across the pond.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to student who likes cooking.
Enzymes are like tiny machines in our bodies that help us do things like digest food. They are made of proteins, and they work by speeding up chemical reactions in our bodies.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to student who likes cooking.
The human active memory system is like a cookbook. The cookbook has recipes for different dishes. The recipes are written down in a specific order, and they tell you what ingredients to use and how to prepare them. The cookbook is always with you, and you can use it to cook a meal whenever you want.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to student who likes cooking.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. This is the step that determines how fast a reaction will occur. In cooking, the rate-determining step is often the step where the food is being cooked. For example, if you are cooking a steak, the rate-determining step is the step where the steak is being cooked.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to student who likes cooking.
Column chromatography is like cooking a big pot of spaghetti. The spaghetti is the mixture of different ingredients, and the pot is the column. The ingredients are mixed together and then put into the pot. The pot is heated until the spaghetti is cooked. The cooked spaghetti is then put into a colander to separate the spaghetti from the water. The water is the unwanted ingredients, and the spaghetti is the wanted ingredients. The same thing happens with column chromatography. The mixture is put into the column, and the column is heated until the mixture is cooked. The cooked mixture is then put into a colander to separate the wanted ingredients from the unwanted ingredients.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to student who likes cooking.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a pot of soup on the stove. The soup is in a state of equilibrium where the temperature is constant and the soup is neither boiling nor cooling. If you turn up the heat, the soup will start to boil. If you turn the heat down, the soup will start to cool. The soup is in a state of dynamic equilibrium where the temperature is constant even though the soup is boiling or cooling.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to student who likes cooking.
A vacuole is like a container in a kitchen that stores food. The food is inside the container and the container is sealed so the food can stay fresh.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is all about transporting ingredients from one place to another in the most efficient way possible. The same is true for transport vesicles in the cell. They transport proteins and other materials from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to student who likes cooking.
Proto-oncogenes are like the ingredients in a recipe for a cake. They are the basic components that, when put together in the right way, will result in a cancer. However, just like a cake can be made without some of the ingredients, proto-oncogenes can also lead to cancer without being mutated.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to student who likes cooking.
Oncogenes are like spices in cooking. They are ingredients that can add flavor and excitement to a dish, but they can also be dangerous if used in the wrong way. In the same way, oncogenes can add excitement and flavor to a cell, but they can also be dangerous if they are used in the wrong way.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to student who likes cooking.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in our body from growing out of control and becoming tumors.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to student who likes cooking.
If you think of software as a recipe, brittle software would be a recipe that is very difficult to change. Once you have written the recipe, it is very hard to make changes to it without ruining the dish.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to student who likes cooking.
Resonance hybrid is like a recipe for a dish. The recipe is a combination of different ingredients that come together to create a new dish. In the same way, the resonance hybrid is a combination of different orbitals that come together to create a new orbital.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is all about creating waves of heat. The pan is heated up and the heat waves move out from the center of the pan. The food is then added to the pan and the heat waves from the pan cook the food.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to student who likes cooking.
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. This test is used to help diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures. During the test, small metal discs called electrodes are placed on your head. These electrodes measure the electrical activity in your brain.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is a lot like replication. In both cases, you are taking some raw materials and turning them into something new. With cooking, you might start with some vegetables and turn them into a stir-fry. With replication, you might start with some DNA and turn it into a new DNA molecule. In both cases, you are using some basic ingredients and turning them into something new and different.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to student who likes cooking.
RNA transcription is a bit like cooking a meal. The recipe is the instructions for making the meal, and the ingredients are the building blocks that are used to make it. In the same way, the genetic code is the recipe for making RNA, and the individual nucleotides are the building blocks that are used to make it.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to student who likes cooking.
Protein translation is like cooking a meal. The recipe is the instructions for making the meal, and the ingredients are the individual components that make up the meal. In order to cook the meal, you need to follow the recipe and use the right ingredients. The same is true for protein translation - you need to follow the recipe (the instructions for making the protein) and use the right ingredients (the individual components that make up the protein).	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to student who likes cooking.
An ecosystem is like a kitchen. The stove is the sun, the oven is the Earth, the pots and pans are the plants and animals, and the ingredients are the water and air. The stove heats up the oven, the oven cooks the food, and the food is the energy that the plants and animals need to live.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to student who likes cooking.
When you cook a meal, you start with a few simple ingredients and then add others to create a more complex dish. The same is true for an action potential. It starts with a small electrical current and then builds on that current to create a larger signal. This signal travels down the neuron until it reaches the end of the neuron and then is passed on to the next neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to student who likes cooking.
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs extract oxygen from the air and the frog's blood carries the oxygen throughout its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is like building a layered architecture. The first layer is the foundation, which is the most important. The foundation is what holds everything else up. The next layer is the walls, which protect the foundation and keep the heat in or out. The next layer is the roof, which keeps the weather out and the heat in. The final layer is the decoration, which makes the house look nice.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to student who likes cooking.
A limiting reactant is like a spice that is used in small quantities to add flavor to a dish. Too much of a spice can make the dish unpalatable. An excess reactant is like a spice that is used in large quantities to make the dish more flavorful.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to student who likes cooking.
A eukaryotic cell is like a big kitchen. The cell has a lot of different appliances, like a stove, a refrigerator, and a sink. The appliances are all connected to each other, and they all work together to help the cook prepare a meal.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to student who likes cooking.
A prokaryotic cell is like a kitchen. The cell has a stove (mitochondria), oven (ribosomes), and refrigerator (cytoplasm). The cell also has cabinets (nucleus) and a sink (cytosol). The cell uses the stove to cook food (proteins) and the oven to bake food (DNA). The refrigerator keeps food cold (glycogen). The cabinets store food (amino acids). The sink washes dishes (waste products).	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to student who likes cooking.
The kernel is the most important part of an operating system. It is responsible for managing all of the system's resources and ensuring that all of the other parts of the system work together. It is like the cook in a kitchen. The cook is responsible for ensuring that all of the ingredients are properly prepared and that the food is cooked correctly.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to student who likes cooking.
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. In cooking, if you only have one egg, that egg will be the limiting reactant and you will only be able to make a single egg dish.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to student who likes cooking.
Helicase is a protein that helps to unwind DNA so that it can be copied. It is a bit like a cooking assistant who helps to uncoil the spaghetti so that it can be cooked more easily.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to student who likes cooking.
DNA replication binding proteins are like the kitchen utensils that help you cook. The proteins help to bind the DNA together so that it can be copied accurately.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to student who likes cooking.
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is like a kitchen tool called a "sealer" that helps to join two pieces of food together.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is all about controlling the process to make sure the food is cooked evenly and to the desired level of doneness. The same is true for process control in a manufacturing or industrial setting. The process controller monitors the process and makes adjustments as needed to ensure the process stays on track.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is all about taking a set of ingredients and turning them into a dish that is both delicious and satisfying. In a similar way, encoding is all about taking a set of data and turning it into a message that can be understood by a computer. The ingredients in this case are the bits that make up the data, while the dish is the message that is created. Just as with cooking, there are a variety of different encoding methods that can be used, each with its own strengths and weaknesses.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to student who likes cooking.
When you cook a dish, you use ingredients that interact with each other to create a new flavor. In a similar way, drugs interact with receptor sites to create new effects. For example, if you add garlic to a dish, it will interact with other ingredients to create a new flavor. In the same way, drugs can interact with receptor sites to create new effects.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to student who likes cooking.
A monitor is like a stovetop. It is a surface that provides heat so that you can cook food.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to student who likes cooking.
The CPU is like the cook in the kitchen. It is responsible for preparing all of the food. It decides what to cook, how to cook it, and when to cook it.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to student who likes cooking.
A motherboard is like the kitchen countertop. It is a flat surface that everything else is attached to. The stove is attached to the kitchen countertop, as is the refrigerator, the sink, and the cabinets. The motherboard is the flat surface that everything else is attached to in a computer. The processor is attached to the motherboard, as are the memory, the hard drive, the video card, and the sound card.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to student who likes cooking.
Ram is a type of lamb meat that is taken from the shoulder of the lamb. It is a tougher cut of meat, but is very flavorful.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to student who likes cooking.
A power supply unit in a kitchen is like the battery in a car. It is a device that supplies electrical power to appliances. The power supply unit has a cord that plugs into the wall and a plug that goes into the appliance.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to student who likes cooking.
A keyboard is like a set of cooking tools. Just as a chef can use different tools to create different dishes, a musician can use a keyboard to create different sounds.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to student who likes cooking.
A mouse is a small rodent that is often used as a pet. They are known for their ability to run quickly and for their love of cheese.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to student who likes cooking.
An audio card is like a chef's knife. It's an essential tool that helps you do your job better. In the same way that a chef's knife can chop, slice, and dice vegetables quickly and easily, an audio card can help you edit and produce audio files quickly and easily.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to student who likes cooking.
A video card is like a cookbook. It tells your computer what to do with the images it sees.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is all about ratios. For example, when you are baking a cake, you might use one cup of sugar for every two cups of flour. This is a ratio of 1:2. Tree's age calculation is also all about ratios. We can think of the tree's age as a ratio of the number of rings in the tree to the total number of years the tree has been alive.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to student who likes cooking.
Glycolysis is like cooking a pizza. The pizza dough is the glucose molecule and the toppings are the pyruvate molecules. The oven is the body's temperature and the pizza is the energy that the body needs.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to student who likes cooking.
When you cook a pot of soup on the stove, the heat from the stove causes the soup to boil. The boiling soup produces bubbles that rise to the surface and burst. The bubbles produce heat and light that we see as they rise to the surface and burst. This is an example of stokes scattering.Now let's imagine that we have a pot of soup on the stove, and we add a few drops of food coloring to it. The food coloring will slowly diffuse through the soup, and eventually it will reach the surface. As the food coloring diffuses to the surface, it will produce bubbles. These bubbles will rise to the surface and burst, just like the bubbles produced by the boiling soup. However, the bubbles produced by the food coloring will not produce as much heat or light as the bubbles produced by the boiling soup. This is because the food coloring is not as hot as the soup.This is an example of anti-stokes scattering. The bubbles produced by the food coloring are not as hot as the bubbles produced by the boiling soup, so they produce less heat and light.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is all about heat. The higher the heat, the faster the cooking. When you turn up the heat on your stove, the molecules in the food start to move faster. This is because the heat is energy, and energy makes things move. The faster the molecules move, the more they bump into each other. When they bump into each other, they exchange energy. This is called heat transfer. The more heat you add, the more the molecules move, and the more they bump into each other. This causes the food to cook faster.Stokes scattering is a lot like cooking. The higher the energy, the faster the scattering. When you turn up the energy on your light source, the photons start to move faster. This is because the energy is pushing them along. The faster the photons move, the more they bump into the atoms in the material. When they bump into the atoms, they exchange energy. This is called scattering. The more energy you add, the more the photons move, and the more they bump into the atoms. This causes the material to scatter light faster.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to student who likes cooking.
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that is lethal to 50% of the population. In other words, it is the dose that kills half of the people who take it. To put it in perspective, think about cooking. If you are cooking a pot of soup and you add too much salt, it will be too salty and no one will want to eat it. However, if you add too little salt, the soup will be bland and no one will want to eat it either. The median lethal dose is like the perfect amount of salt to add to a pot of soup - it will make the soup taste just right and everyone will want to eat it.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to student who likes cooking.
The universe is like a big pot of soup. It's made up of all the ingredients that are put in it. The ingredients are the planets, the stars, and everything else in the universe. The soup is cooked over time, and it changes as it cooks.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to student who likes cooking.
Enzyme mechanism is like cooking. The enzyme is like the stove, and the substrate is like the food. The enzyme and the substrate react to create the product, just like the food and the stove react to create the meal.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to student who likes cooking.
Anova is a statistical technique used to compare the means of two or more groups. It is similar to the t-test, but is more powerful. It is used to determine whether the means of the groups are statistically different from each other.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to student who likes cooking.
A thermostat is a device that helps control the temperature of a room. It does this by turning on or off the heating or cooling system in the room.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to student who likes cooking.
Chemical equilibrium is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe has all of the ingredients in it, and as long as you follow the instructions, you will end up with a cake. The same is true for chemical equilibrium. The reactants and products are all in the equation, and as long as the conditions are right, the equilibrium will be reached.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to student who likes cooking.
Just-in-time is like when you are cooking and you only have a few ingredients left, so you have to make something with what you have.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to student who likes cooking.
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a chef’s ability to adapt their cooking style to the preferences of their diners. In the same way that a chef might adjust the seasoning or ingredients in a dish to make it more palatable to a particular diner, the adaptive immune system can adjust its response to a particular pathogen or antigen. This allows the immune system to mount a more effective response against pathogens that it has previously encountered.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to student who likes cooking.
Just as a recipe calls for specific measurements of ingredients, an electric current is described by its Ohm's Law as a specific voltage (V) and resistance (R). Just as too much or too little of an ingredient can ruin a dish, too much or too little current can damage an electronic component. Just as following a recipe results in a tasty dish, following Ohm's Law results in a correctly operating electrical circuit.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to student who likes cooking.
Transcription is like cooking a meal. The recipe is the transcription template, and the cook follows the instructions to make a meal.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to student who likes cooking.
RNA polymerase is like a cook. It takes the ingredients (nucleotides) and cooks up a new strand of RNA.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to student who likes cooking.
Ribosomes are like the kitchen of a restaurant. They are responsible for taking the instructions from the chef (the DNA) and creating the food that the customers will eat.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to student who likes cooking.
Activator protein is like an ingredient in a recipe. It helps to start the cooking process.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to student who likes cooking.
Electricity is like the heat in your oven. It flows through wires in your oven just like the heat flows through the air. Electricity is used to power things like your oven light and your oven fan.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to student who likes cooking.
Water is like a sauce and the oil is like the spices. When you mix the water and oil together, they don't mix well. This is because the water and oil are hydrophobic, which means they don't like to be around each other.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to student who likes cooking.
Cooking is all about taking ingredients and turning them into a dish that is both delicious and satisfying. In a similar way, biological signal transduction is all about taking molecules and turning them into a signal that is both meaningful and useful. It's like taking a bunch of random ingredients and turning them into a fantastic meal.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to student who likes cooking.
