Nadh is like the soil in a garden. It is necessary for plants to grow and thrive.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to student who likes gardening?
A protein is like a seed in a garden. Just as a seed needs water and sunlight to grow, a protein needs the correct environment to function.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to student who likes gardening?
DNA is like the blueprint for a house. It contains all of the information needed to build a house.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain glycogen to a student who likes gardening is to compare glycogen to a garden hose. Just as a garden hose can be filled with water and used to water plants, glycogen can be filled with glucose and used to provide energy to the body's cells.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to student who likes gardening?
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a garden hose. The hose is long and has many twists and turns. The water that comes out of the hose is under a lot of pressure. The pressure is what makes the water come out in a strong stream. The endoplasmic reticulum is like the hose. The pressure is the energy that comes from the mitochondria. The energy is what makes the proteins come out in a strong stream.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to student who likes gardening?
A golgi apparatus is like a gardener. It takes care of the plants (mitochondria) and makes sure they grow and function properly.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to student who likes gardening?
A plasma membrane is like a garden fence. It is a thin layer of material that surrounds a cell and helps to keep things in or out.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to student who likes gardening?
A lysosome is like a compost bin in a garden. The lysosome breaks down old cells and recycles the materials back into the cell to be used again.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to student who likes gardening?
Peroxisomes are like the plant's immune system. They help the plant fight off infection and disease.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to student who likes gardening?
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of the cell. Just as a gardener needs a good source of power to run tools and equipment, the cell needs mitochondria to produce energy for all of its activities.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to student who likes gardening?
A chloroplast is like a small greenhouses for plants. The chloroplast contains all of the machinery necessary for photosynthesis to occur.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to student who likes gardening?
A cytoskeleton is like a garden trellis. It provides support to the plant and helps it grow in the right direction.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to student who likes gardening?
Atp is like the gasoline for a lawnmower. It is what provides the energy for the lawnmower to cut the grass.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to student who likes gardening?
NADPH is like the fertilizer for plants. It helps to provide the plants with the energy they need to grow.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to student who likes gardening?
A peroxysome is like a small garden in the cell. It has its own little garden plot with soil, plants, and water. The plants in the peroxysome use sunlight to make their own food.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain mytochondria to a student who likes gardening is to compare the mytochondria to the roots of a plant. Just as the roots of a plant help it to grow and thrive, the mytochondria help the cells of the body to grow and thrive.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to student who likes gardening?
Electric forces are like the roots of a plant. They hold the plant together and help it grow.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to student who likes gardening?
A hydrogen electron's orbital is like a bee buzzing around a flower.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain the first line of defense in the body to a student who likes gardening is to compare the body to a garden. The body's first line of defense is like the fence around a garden. The fence is meant to keep out unwanted guests, like pests or animals. Similarly, the body's first line of defense is meant to keep out unwanted guests, like bacteria or viruses.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to student who likes gardening?
A macrophage can be thought of as a gardener. Just as a gardener nurtures a garden, macrophages nurture and protect the body by fighting infection and removing debris.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a student who likes gardening is to compare them to the gardener's helper. Just as the gardener's helper assists the gardener in planting and watering plants, t-helper cells assist other cells in the immune system in fighting off infection.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a student who likes gardening is to compare them to the roots of a plant. Just as the roots of a plant help it to absorb nutrients from the soil, b-lymphocytes help the body to absorb nutrients from the blood. They also help to protect the body from infection by attacking and destroying bacteria and other foreign invaders.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to student who likes gardening?
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte is like a weed-killer. It is a type of white blood cell that is responsible for destroying cells that are infected or damaged.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain invasion of bacteria to a student who likes gardening is to compare the bacteria to weeds. Just as weeds can invade a garden and take over, bacteria can invade the body and take over.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain action potential to a student who likes gardening is to compare the neuron to a garden hose. When the hose is turned on and the water is flowing, the hose is in a state of rest. If you pinch the hose, the water will flow faster because the pressure is higher. If you release the hose, the water will flow more slowly because the pressure is lower. The neuron is like the hose, and the voltage is like the water pressure. When the neuron is at rest, the voltage is low. When the neuron is stimulated, the voltage increases, and this increase in voltage causes the neuron to fire.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain the experiment of chromatography to a student who likes gardening is to say that the experiment is like separating the colors of a rainbow. Just as a rainbow is made up of different colors that are separated by their wavelengths, the different compounds in a sample are separated by their physical and chemical properties in chromatography.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to student who likes gardening?
A star is like a plant. It starts off as a small seed, and then it grows bigger and bigger as it absorbs energy from the sun. Once it has grown big enough, it enters into the main sequence, where it will stay for most of its life. Eventually, it will run out of fuel and die.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to student who likes gardening?
A nucleus is like the center of a garden. It is the most important part and everything else revolves around it.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to student who likes gardening?
Ribosomes are like the gardener who plants the seeds, waters them, and watches them grow. The ribosomes are responsible for taking the instructions from the DNA and creating the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to student who likes gardening?
A golgi apparatus is like a gardener. It takes the products of the cell's production (like seeds) and packages them in a way that the cell can use them.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to student who likes gardening?
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of plants. They digest food and break down molecules.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to student who likes gardening?
A nuclear envelope is like a garden fence. It helps to keep things in and keep things out.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain vacuoles to a student who likes gardening is to compare them to the water in a garden hose. Just as the water in the hose is held in by the walls of the hose, the water in the vacuole is held in by the walls of the cell.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a student who likes gardening is to compare the cytoplasm to the soil in a garden. Just as the soil is the foundation for the plants in a garden, the cytoplasm is the foundation for the cells in an organism. The cytoplasm contains all of the nutrients and water that the cells need to survive, just as the soil in a garden contains all of the nutrients and water that the plants need to survive.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to student who likes gardening?
A chromosome is like a garden hose. It is long and thin and has many twists and turns. The chromosome is like the hose because it is long and thin and has many twists and turns.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to student who likes gardening?
Cytosol is like the soil in a garden. It is a mixture of minerals, water, and air that supports the growth of plants.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to student who likes gardening?
A cell is like a garden. The cell has a nucleus, which is like the garden's center. The cell has other parts, which are like the plants in the garden. The cell has a boundary, which is like the garden's fence.	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to student who likes gardening?
A vesicle is like a small, round seed pod.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to student who likes gardening?
A cell wall is like a fence around a garden. It helps to keep things in (the plants) and keep things out (the pests).	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to student who likes gardening?
A cell is like a small garden. Just as a gardener needs to water and care for plants in a garden, a cell needs to be supplied with nutrients and oxygen to survive. The cell wall is like the fence around the garden, keeping the plants inside safe.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to student who likes gardening?
A cell membrane is like a garden fence. It is a barrier that keeps things in or out of the cell.	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to student who likes gardening?
A golgi body is like a garden hose. It is long and thin and has many small holes in it. Water flows through the hose and out the holes. The golgi body is like a pipeline for the cell. It helps to move proteins and other materials from one part of the cell to another.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to student who likes gardening?
A capacitor is like a container of water that you can pour out by squeezing a hose. The more water you pour out, the more you have to squeeze the hose to get more water out. The hose is like the capacitor, and the water is like the electric charge.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to student who likes gardening?
Electric current is like water flowing through a hose. Just as the water pressure can be increased by turning up the faucet, the electric current can be increased by turning up the voltage.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to student who likes gardening?
A voltage is like a water pressure. Just as water pressure can make a hose spray water far away, voltage can make electricity flow through a wire.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to student who likes gardening?
A cell is like a garden. The cell has different parts that specialize in different tasks, just like a garden has different parts that specialize in different tasks (e.g. the roots, stem, leaves, flowers, etc.). The cell also needs to communicate with each of its parts to make sure everything is working together, just like a gardener needs to communicate with each of the parts of their garden to make sure everything is working together.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain Kirchhoff's voltage law to a student who likes gardening is to think of the voltage as being like water pressure. Just as water pressure is the force that pushes water through a hose, voltage is the force that pushes electricity through a wire. The higher the water pressure, the faster the water will flow. The higher the voltage, the faster the electricity will flow.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to student who likes gardening?
A density wave is like a wave of people that moves through a crowd. The people at the front of the wave are packed together, and the people at the back of the wave are spread out.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to student who likes gardening?
Enzymes are like gardeners. They help things grow and happen in an orderly way.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to student who likes gardening?
The human active memory system can be compared to a garden. Just as a gardener must regularly water and weed a garden to keep it healthy, the human active memory system must be regularly used to keep it healthy. If a gardener neglects his garden, it will become overgrown with weeds and will not produce any fruit or vegetables. If a person neglects his active memory, it will become overgrown with useless information and will not be able to perform its function of storing and retrieving information.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain the rate-determining step of a reaction to a student who likes gardening is to compare it to the process of planting a seed. The rate-determining step is like planting the seed, and the other steps are like watering and fertilizing the plant. If the seed is not planted, the plant will not grow. If the water and fertilizer are not applied, the plant will not grow.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to student who likes gardening?
Column chromatography is like using a colander to rinse off the dirt from your vegetables. The colander separates the water (solvent) and the dirt (mixture) and the vegetables (components of the mixture) fall through the holes in the colander.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a student who likes gardening is to say that the chemical equilibrium is like a garden. In the garden, the plants are constantly growing and dying. The plants are also constantly taking in carbon dioxide from the air and giving off oxygen. The same thing is happening with the chemical equilibrium. The molecules are constantly moving and changing.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to student who likes gardening?
A vacuole is like a balloon. It is a small, round, and thin sac that is filled with a gas or fluid.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a student who likes gardening is to think of the transport vesicles as being like tiny trucks that carry goods from one part of the garden to another. The trucks are filled with goods (the molecules that need to be transported), and they drive around the garden until they reach their destination, where they unload their cargo.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to student who likes gardening?
A proto-oncogene is like a weed in your garden. It is a normal gene that can become cancerous if it is mutated.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to a student who likes gardening is to compare them to weed killer. Weed killer is a substance that is used to kill weeds. Oncogenes are substances that are used to kill cancer cells.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to student who likes gardening?
A tumor suppressor gene is like a gardener who weeds the garden and removes the unwanted plants. The tumor suppressor gene helps to keep the cells in the body healthy and prevents them from becoming cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain brittle software to a student who likes gardening is to compare software to a plant. Just as a plant needs the right amount of water, sunlight, and soil to grow strong and healthy, software needs the right amount of code, testing, and environment to be strong and healthy. If a plant doesn't get the right amount of any of these things, it will be weak and susceptible to disease. The same is true for software. If it doesn't get the right amount of code, testing, and environment, it will be weak and susceptible to defects.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a student who likes gardening is to think of the resonance hybrid as a super hybrid plant. This plant is a combination of two different plants that have been combined to create a new, stronger plant. In the same way, the resonance hybrid is a combination of two different electron configurations that have been combined to create a new, stronger electron configuration.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to student who likes gardening?
A wave mechanical model can be explained to a student who likes gardening by comparing the wave to a ripple in a pond. Just as a ripple in a pond can be created by a single object (e.g. a rock), a wave can be created by a single object (e.g. a speaker). The object creates a disturbance that travels through the medium (e.g. water), and the further the object is from the pond's edge, the larger the ripple becomes. In the same way, the further the object is from the listener, the larger the wave becomes.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a student who likes gardening is to compare the brain's electrical activity to the leaves of a plant. Just as the leaves of a plant change their position in response to sunlight and wind, the electrical activity of the brain changes in response to various stimuli.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to student who likes gardening?
One way to think of DNA replication is to imagine it as a gardener planting seeds. The gardener takes a small seed and plants it in the ground. The gardener then covers the seed with soil and waters it. The gardener continues to water and care for the seed until it grows into a large plant. The DNA replication process is similar to the gardener planting a seed. The DNA molecule is like the small seed, and the new DNA molecule is like the large plant. The DNA replication process is also similar to the gardener watering and caring for the seed. The DNA molecule is like the seed, and the enzymes are like the gardener. The enzymes help to copy the DNA molecule and to create new DNA molecules.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to student who likes gardening?
RNA transcription is a bit like a gardener planting a new seedling. The gardener takes a small seed and, using water and soil, helps it grow into a large plant. In a similar way, RNA transcription uses the instructions in a gene to create a new RNA molecule.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to student who likes gardening?
A protein is like a seed. The seed is placed in the soil, and water is poured on top. The seed then germinates and starts to grow. The roots grow down into the soil, and the plant starts to grow upward. The leaves of the plant start to absorb sunlight, and the plant starts to produce flowers. The flowers eventually produce seeds, and the cycle starts over again.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to student who likes gardening?
A garden is an example of an ecosystem. The plants in the garden are the producers, and they create their own food using sunlight, water, and minerals from the soil. The animals in the garden are the consumers, and they eat the plants or other animals. The decomposers, such as bacteria and fungi, break down the dead plants and animals and release the nutrients back into the soil so the plants can use them.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to student who likes gardening?
A neuron can be thought of as a garden hose. When you turn on the water at the faucet, the pressure of the water (action potential) travels down the hose. This pressure (action potential) is what makes the water come out of the hose. The same thing happens with a neuron. When the action potential is generated at the synapse, it travels down the neuron until it reaches the end of the neuron where it is transmitted to the next neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to student who likes gardening?
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to how a garden hose works. The frog's lungs are like the garden hose and the frog's skin is like the water. When the frog inhales, its lungs fill up with air like the garden hose fills up with water when you turn on the faucet. When the frog exhales, its skin opens up like the faucet and the air escapes from the lungs like the water escapes from the garden hose.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain layered architecture to a student who likes gardening is to compare the different layers of soil in a garden to the different layers of an application. Just as the different layers of soil in a garden can support different types of plants, the different layers of an application can support different types of functionality. The top layer of soil in a garden is the most shallow, and it is the layer that is most exposed to the sun and to rain. The top layer of an application is the layer that is most exposed to the user, and it is the layer that is most likely to change. The bottom layer of soil in a garden is the deepest, and it is the layer that is least exposed to the sun and to rain. The bottom layer of an application is the layer that is least exposed to the user, and it is the layer that is most likely to change.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a student who likes gardening is to think of the reactants as plants and the products as fruits. The limiting reactant is the plant that runs out first and the excess reactant is the plant that is left over. The products are the fruits that are produced by the plants.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to student who likes gardening?
A eukaryotic cell is like a garden. The cell has a nucleus, which is like the garden's center. The cell has other organelles, which are like the plants in the garden. The cell has a membrane, which is like the garden's fence.	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to student who likes gardening?
A prokaryotic cell is like a small garden plot. The cell has a limited amount of space in which to grow, and it must carefully manage its resources to survive. Like a garden plot, the prokaryotic cell must carefully select the right plants to grow and must provide the right nutrients and water to keep them healthy.	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to student who likes gardening?
A kernel in gardening is the seed. It is the beginning of the plant and from there, it grows. The kernel is important to the plant and it needs it to grow. The kernel is the foundation of the plant.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a student who likes gardening is to compare the reactants to plants in a garden. The limiting reactant is the plant that is given the least amount of water and fertilizer, while the other plants in the garden are given more water and fertilizer. The limiting reactant will not grow as tall or produce as many flowers as the other plants in the garden.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to student who likes gardening?
A helicase is like a gardener who helps plants grow by spinning around and pulling them up.	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to student who likes gardening?
One way to think of DNA replication binding proteins is to imagine them as the gardener's tools. The gardener uses a variety of tools to help them plant and care for their garden. The DNA replication binding proteins are similar in that they help to plant and care for the DNA.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to student who likes gardening?
Ligase is like a gardener who helps plants grow by tying them together.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to student who likes gardening?
A process control block (PCB) can be thought of as the "brain" of a garden. It monitors and controls all of the important aspects of the garden, such as watering, fertilizing, and weeding. It ensures that the garden grows and thrives in a healthy and consistent manner.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to student who likes gardening?
A message encoding is like a seed. The seed is placed in the ground and covered with dirt. The seed needs water and sunlight to grow. The water and sunlight are like the message encoding. The water and sunlight help the seed grow and become a plant.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to student who likes gardening?
One way to think of how drugs interact with receptor sites is to imagine receptor sites as flower petals. The drug is the bee, and it lands on the petals to get to the nectar (the receptor site). The more pollen on the petals, the more likely the bee is to get what it's looking for.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to student who likes gardening?
A monitor is like a garden hose. It is a long, thin tube that is used to deliver water to plants or other areas.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to student who likes gardening?
A CPU can be thought of as the gardener, while the RAM can be thought of as the plants. The CPU is constantly watering the plants (RAM) with fresh instructions, while the RAM is growing and storing data.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to student who likes gardening?
A motherboard can be thought of as the garden plot in which a gardener plants seeds, nurtures seedlings, and harvests vegetables. The motherboard provides a foundation for the growth of the computer just as the garden plot provides a foundation for the growth of plants.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to student who likes gardening?
Ram is to a computer as a shovel is to gardening. Ram is the part of the computer that helps it to run faster and smoother. Just like a shovel helps to speed up the process of gardening, ram helps to speed up the process of computing.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to student who likes gardening?
A power supply unit can be thought of as a garden hose. Just as the garden hose supplies water to the plants in the garden, the power supply unit supplies power to the components in the computer.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to student who likes gardening?
A keyboard is like a garden. The keyboard has many different types of plants (keys), and each one has a specific job (function). The keyboard also has a soil (the keyboard matrix), and it needs to be watered (the key presses) to make it grow.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to student who likes gardening?
A mouse is like a weed in a garden. It is small and can be hard to get rid of.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain an audio card to a student who likes gardening is to compare it to a stereo system. Just as a stereo system has different components that work together to create sound, an audio card has different components that work together to create sound for your computer.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to student who likes gardening?
A video card can be thought of as a garden hose. The hose is able to send water (graphics) to different areas of the garden (screen).	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to student who likes gardening?
A tree's age calculation is like counting the rings on a tree stump. Just like when you cut down a tree, you can count the rings to find out how old it is.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain glycolysis to a student who likes gardening is to compare the process of glycolysis to the process of photosynthesis. Just as photosynthesis is the process that plants use to convert sunlight into energy, glycolysis is the process that cells use to convert glucose into energy.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to student who likes gardening?
When light shines on a flower in the garden, the light scatters off the petals in all directions. Some of the light shines back towards the observer's eyes, and some of the light shines off in other directions. This is similar to what happens when light shines on a particle in a gas. The light scatters off the particle in all directions. Some of the light shines back towards the observer's eyes, and some of the light shines off in other directions.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to student who likes gardening?
Stokes scattering is like when you throw a rock into a pond and the ripples spread out. The rock is the photon and the pond is the medium.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to student who likes gardening?
A median lethal dose (LD50) is the dose of a toxin required to kill half of the test population. It can be used to compare the toxicity of different substances.A good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a student who likes gardening is to compare it to the dosage of herbicide required to kill half of the plants in a garden.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain the universe to a student who likes gardening is to say that the universe is like a garden. Just as a gardener plants seeds and cultivates plants to grow and flourish, the universe is constantly expanding and evolving. The universe is also a place where things can grow and change, just as plants do in a garden.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to student who likes gardening?
Enzyme mechanism is like a gardener using a shovel to dig a hole. The gardener uses the shovel to break up the soil and then uses his or her hands to move the soil around. The shovel is the enzyme and the hands are the substrate.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to student who likes gardening?
If you think of the different varieties of plants as the different levels of measurement, then the ANOVA would be the tool to compare the different varieties to see if there is a difference in their average height.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to student who likes gardening?
A thermostat is like a gardener who waters the plants when it is hot and sunny and doesn't water the plants when it is cold and cloudy.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a student who likes gardening is to say that a chemical equilibrium is like a garden in which the plants and the soil are in balance. If one of the plants in the garden starts to grow too much, the equilibrium will be disrupted and the plant will start to die.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain just-in-time to a student who likes gardening is that just-in-time is like watering a garden. You only water the plants when they need it, and you don't water them too much or too little. Just-in-time is the same way; you only produce what is needed, when it is needed, and you don't produce too much or too little.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a student who likes gardening is to compare the body's immune system to a garden. The immune system is constantly working to protect the body from invaders, just like a gardener works to protect a garden from pests and diseases. The immune system is also constantly adapting to new threats, just like a gardener adapts to new pests and diseases.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain Ohm's law to a student who likes gardening is to think of the electrical current as water flowing through a garden hose. Just as the water pressure in the hose depends on the water's volume and the diameter of the hose, the electrical current in a wire depends on the voltage and the thickness of the wire.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to student who likes gardening?
Transcription is like a gardener planting a seed and watering it. The seed will grow into a plant and produce flowers or fruit. The gardener's job is to keep the plant healthy by watering it and removing any weeds that may grow.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to student who likes gardening?
RNA polymerase is like a gardener. It helps to create new plants (molecules) by assembling the right pieces together.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to student who likes gardening?
A ribosome is like a gardener. It takes the instructions from the DNA (the blueprint) and makes the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to student who likes gardening?
One way to think of activator proteins is as the gardener's helpers. They are responsible for getting the plants ready to grow by turning on the genes that allow them to sprout and grow.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to student who likes gardening?
Electricity is like water in a garden hose. Just as the water flows through the hose when you turn on the faucet, electricity flows through a wire when you turn on the switch.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to student who likes gardening?
Water droplets bead up and roll off of a hydrophobic surface, such as a garden hose, because the water molecules are attracted to one another more than they are attracted to the surface. This is similar to how oil droplets bead up and roll off of a hydrophobic surface.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to student who likes gardening?
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a student who likes gardening is to compare it to the process of watering a garden. Just as the water flows from the hose to the plants and soil, so too do the signals flow from the outside of the cell to the inside. The water provides the plants with the nutrients they need to grow, and the signals provide the cells with the information they need to function.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to student who likes gardening?
