Nadh is like the gas that cooks the food in a stove. The food is the substrate, and the nadh is the energy that makes the reaction happen.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Proteins are like the ingredients in a recipe. They are the building blocks that make up the dish.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe is written down and tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe is written down and tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Glycogen is like a jar of honey. It is a sweetener that is used to make food taste better. It is also a source of energy for the body.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a kitchen. The nucleus is the stove, the ribosomes are the pots and pans, and the endoplasmic reticulum is the kitchen counter. The proteins that are being made are like the food that is being cooked.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The Golgi apparatus is like a kitchen. The nucleus is like the cook. The chromosomes are like the food. The Golgi apparatus is where the food is prepared and packaged for delivery to the rest of the cell.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the skin of a grape. It is the outermost layer and protects the inner contents of the grape. The plasma membrane is also responsible for allowing some things to enter the grape (like water and nutrients) and preventing other things from entering (like bacteria and toxins).	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Lysosomes are like the garbage disposal in your kitchen. They are responsible for breaking down and digesting old or damaged cells.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Peroxisomes are like the oven in a kitchen. They are small, round, and white and they help to cook the food.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "ovens" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy in the form of ATP from food molecules. Just as an oven needs fuel (gas or electricity) to produce heat and cook food, mitochondria need energy (from food or oxygen) to produce ATP.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Chloroplasts are like the oven in a kitchen. The oven cooks the food, and the chloroplasts cook the food for the plant.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a cooked chicken. It is the framework that supports the chicken meat and holds it together. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins called cytoskeletal proteins. These proteins form a network that gives the cell its shape and helps it to move.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
ATP is like the gas in a stovetop. It is what makes the stovetop work. It is used to create heat and to cook food.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
NADPH is like the sugar in a cake. It is not the most important part of the cake, but it helps make the cake taste good.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Peroxysomes are like tiny ovens in the cell. They use oxygen to cook food (like sugar) to create energy for the cell.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Mytochondria are like the kitchen of a restaurant. They are responsible for creating and storing energy in the form of ATP. This energy is used by the rest of the restaurant (the cell) to cook food (process nutrients).	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Electric forces are like the forces that hold two magnets together. Just like the magnets, electric forces can either attract or repel each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is like a pan on the stove. The electron is like the food in the pan. The stove is like the energy of the electron. The heat of the stove determines how fast the electron moves.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The analogy for the first line of defense in the body would be that of a kitchen. The first line of defense would be the kitchen knives. These knives are sharp and can easily cut through food. However, if someone were to try and grab the knives, they would be met with resistance from the knives' sharp blades. In the same way, the first line of defense in the body are the sharp blades of the white blood cells. These white blood cells can easily cut through bacteria and other pathogens. However, if someone were to try and invade the body, they would be met with resistance from the white blood cells.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Macrophages are like the oven in your kitchen. They are responsible for heating things up and cooking them.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
T-helper cells are like the chef in the kitchen. They are responsible for creating the recipes (antibodies) that will help to fight off infection.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
B-lymphocytes are like the white blood cells in your body that help fight infection. They are produced in your bone marrow and travel through your blood to different parts of your body.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the chef in the kitchen. They are responsible for preparing and cooking the food. They are also responsible for making sure that the food is safe to eat.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Bacteria are like tiny little creatures that invade your food and make it spoil. Just like when you leave food out on the counter for too long and it starts to smell bad and has a weird texture, bacteria can make your food go bad too.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Action potential is like when you turn on the stove. The stove has a knob that you turn to a certain heat setting. Once the stove is turned on, the heat will start to increase until it reaches the heat setting that you selected. The same thing happens with action potential. There is a certain voltage (heat setting) that is needed to start the action potential. Once the voltage is reached, the action potential will start and will keep going until it reaches the end of the neuron.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Chromatography is like cooking a pizza. The pizza dough is the chromatographic column and the toppings are the different compounds that are being separated. The oven is the heat source that cooks the pizza and the timer is the time that the pizza is cooked.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Stars are like cooking pots on a stove. The main-sequence lifetime of a star is like the time it takes for a pot of water to come to a boil. The hotter the stove, the faster the water boils. The hotter the star, the shorter its main-sequence lifetime.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Nucleus is like the kitchen in a house. It is the central part of the house where all the cooking happens. The other parts of the house (like the living room and bedrooms) are all arranged around the kitchen.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Ribosomes are like the kitchen of a restaurant. The kitchen is where all of the cooking happens. The ribosomes are where all of the protein synthesis happens.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The Golgi apparatus is like a kitchen. The cell's proteins are like the ingredients in a recipe. The Golgi apparatus cooks the proteins and packages them into small, neat packages. These packages are like the finished product - a delicious meal!	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Lysosomes are like the garbage disposal in your kitchen. They are responsible for breaking down and recycling old or damaged cells.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as the wrapping around the outside of the nucleus. It is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm, and the inner membrane is in contact with the nucleus. The nuclear envelope helps to protect the nucleus from the cytoplasm.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A vacuole is like a container in the kitchen that is used to store food. The food is stored in the container and then the container is sealed. This is similar to how a vacuole stores food in a cell. The food is stored in the vacuole and then the vacuole is sealed.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The cytoplasm is like the batter in a cake. It is the main part of the cake and it contains all of the ingredients. The batter is mixed together and then put in the oven to bake. The cytoplasm is mixed together and then put in the cell to bake.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Chromosomes are like recipes. They are instructions for how to make something.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The cytosol is like the broth in a soup. It is the liquid that everything else is suspended in.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A cell is like a kitchen. The cell has a stove (mitochondria), oven (lysosomes), refrigerator (endoplasmic reticulum), and sink (cytosol). The cell also has cabinets (organelles), countertops (membranes), and a floor (cytoplasm).	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is filled with a liquid or gas and is used to hold the liquid or gas inside.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A cell wall is like a pie crust. It is a thin layer of dough that surrounds the filling. The dough is made of flour, water, and salt. The filling is made of meat, vegetables, and sauce.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Cells are like the ingredients in a recipe. Just like you need flour, sugar, eggs, and butter to make a cake, you need cells, DNA, proteins, and lipids to make a living organism.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The cell membrane is like a pot of soup. The soup is made up of different ingredients (proteins, lipids, etc.), and each ingredient has a specific role in the soup. The cell membrane is made up of different proteins, lipids, and other molecules, and each molecule has a specific role in the membrane. Just like the ingredients in a pot of soup, the molecules in the cell membrane work together to create a functional whole.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The Golgi body is like a kitchen. It is where all the food is prepared before it is sent to the rest of the body.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Capacitance is a little bit like a container of honey. The more honey you have in the container, the more it will resist changes in its shape. This is because the honey is pushing against the sides of the container. In the same way, a capacitor has a charge of electricity stored in it. This charge resists changes in its shape, and this is what we call capacitance.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Electric current is like a flow of water in a pipe. Just as the water flow can be controlled by a valve, the electric current can be controlled by a switch.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Think of voltage as the heat of a stove. Voltage is the measure of how much energy is flowing through a circuit. Just like you need a certain amount of heat to cook food, you need a certain amount of voltage to power devices.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A cell is like a kitchen. The cell has a stove (mitochondria), oven (lysosomes), refrigerator (endoplasmic reticulum), and sink (cytosol). The cell also has a telephone (cell membrane). The stove is used to cook food (proteins). The oven is used to bake food (carbohydrates). The refrigerator is used to store food (amino acids). The sink is used to wash dishes (waste products). The telephone is used to communicate with other cells.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Kirchoff's voltage law is like a recipe for a cake. The ingredients (voltages) are put into a bowl and mixed together (added). The voltage of the mixture is the sum of the individual voltages.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A density wave is like a ripple in a pan of boiling water. The water at the edges of the pan is boiling more vigorously than the water in the center. This creates a ripple of high and low pressure that travels across the pan. The same thing happens in a gas or liquid when it is heated. The molecules at the edges of the container are moving more quickly than the molecules in the center. This creates a ripple of high and low pressure that travels across the container.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Enzymes are like tiny kitchen appliances. They are very small and can do a lot of work in a short amount of time. Just like a blender can chop up fruits and vegetables quickly, enzymes can chop up large molecules into smaller pieces. This makes it easier for the body to use the nutrients in the food.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The human active memory system can be likened to a kitchen pantry. Just as a pantry stores food that can be accessed when needed, the human active memory stores information that can be accessed when needed. The pantry is organized in a way that makes it easy to find the food that is needed. The human active memory is also organized in a way that makes it easy to find the information that is needed.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step that determines how fast the reaction will happen. This is like when you are cooking and you are waiting for the pot of water to boil. The rate-determining step is the step that determines how fast the water will boil.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Column chromatography is like cooking a big pot of spaghetti. The spaghetti is the mixture of compounds that you want to separate. The pot of water is the solvent. The colander is the chromatography column. The spaghetti is cooked in the pot of water and then the colander is used to separate the spaghetti into different strands. The different strands are the different compounds that were in the mixture.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a pot of soup on the stove. The soup is in a state of equilibrium where the temperature is constant and the soup is neither boiling nor cooling. If you turn up the heat, the soup will start to boil. If you turn the heat down, the soup will start to cool. The soup is in a state of dynamic equilibrium where the temperature is constant even though the soup is boiling or cooling.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A vacuole is like a container in the kitchen that is used to store food. The food is stored in the container and then the container is sealed. This is similar to how a vacuole stores food in a cell. The food is stored in the vacuole and then the vacuole is sealed.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Cooking analogy: Transport vesicles are like small, individualized ovens that cook food and then deliver it to different parts of the house. The food is cooked in the small ovens and then delivered to the different parts of the house.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Proto-oncogenes are like spices in a recipe. They add flavor and excitement to the dish, but they can also be dangerous if used in the wrong way. Too much of a good thing can ruin the dish, and too much of a proto-oncogene can cause cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Oncogenes are like spices in cooking. They are ingredients that can add flavor and excitement to a dish, but they can also be dangerous if used in the wrong way. In the same way, oncogenes can add excitement and flavor to a cell, but they can also be dangerous if they are used in the wrong way.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing out of control.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
If you've ever tried to make something like caramel, you know that it has to be cooked slowly and carefully or it will become brittle and unusable. The same is true for software - if it's not cooked slowly and carefully, it will become brittle and unusable.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Resonance hybrid is like a recipe. The recipe is made up of different ingredients (atoms) that are put together in a specific way. When the recipe is followed, it will result in a specific outcome (a resonance hybrid).	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The wave mechanical model of the atom is like a pot of boiling water. The water is made up of tiny particles (molecules) that are constantly moving around. When the water is heated, the molecules start to move faster and they spread out. The same thing happens with the atoms in a gas. The heat energy makes the atoms move faster and they spread out.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
An electroencephalogram is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe tells you what ingredients to use, how much of each ingredient, and how to put them together. The electroencephalogram tells you what electrical signals to use, how much of each signal, and how to put them together.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
DNA replication is like making a cake. The recipe is the same each time, but each cake is unique. The ingredients are mixed together, and the cake is baked in the oven. The same process happens with DNA replication. The DNA is copied, and the new DNA is put into the cells.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
RNA transcription is a bit like making a cake. The recipe is written down as a set of instructions, and these are followed to create the cake. In the same way, the genetic code is written down as a set of instructions, and these are followed to create RNA.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Protein translation is a bit like cooking a meal. The recipe is the DNA code, and the ingredients are the proteins. The cook (the ribosome) reads the recipe and assembles the proteins according to the instructions.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The ecosystem is like a kitchen. The stove is the sun, the oven is the Earth, the pots and pans are the plants and animals, and the ingredients are the air, water, and soil.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be likened to the spreading of a ripple in a pond. Just as the ripple begins at a single point and spreads outwards, the action potential starts at the neuron's cell body and spreads down the axon to the synaptic terminals.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Breathing in frogs is a lot like stirring a pot of soup. When you breathe in, your stomach rises as the soup inside rises. When you breathe out, your stomach falls as the soup falls.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A layered architecture is like a cake. The cake has different layers, and each layer has a specific purpose. The bottom layer is the foundation. It supports the rest of the cake. The next layer is the cake itself. It is made of cake batter and is the main part of the cake. The top layer is the icing. It is a thin layer that covers the cake and adds flavor and sweetness.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A limiting reactant is like a small container of salt that needs to be mixed with a large container of flour to make a dough. The small container of salt is the limiting reactant because it will be used up first and the dough will not be made if there is not enough salt. The large container of flour is the excess reactant because there is plenty of it and it will not be used up in the reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A eukaryotic cell is like a big pot of soup. The cell has a lot of ingredients (proteins, DNA, etc.) that are all mixed together. The cell also has a stove (the mitochondria) that heats up the soup and makes it cook.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A prokaryotic cell is like a kitchen. The cell has a stove (mitochondria), oven (ribosomes), and refrigerator (cytoplasm). The cell also has a sink (plasma membrane) and cabinets (cell wall). The cell uses the stove to cook food (proteins) and the oven to bake food (carbohydrates). The refrigerator keeps food cold (glucose). The sink washes dishes (waste products). The cabinets store food (amino acids).	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The kernel of an operating system is like the cookbook for a recipe. It tells you what ingredients to use, how to put them together, and how to cook them. The kernel also controls how the recipe works - how fast it cooks, how hot the oven is, and so on.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A limiting reactant is like a spice. It is used to add flavor to a dish, but it is not the main ingredient. The main ingredient is the one that provides the most flavor. In the same way, the main ingredient in a chemical reaction is the one that provides the most reactants. The limiting reactant is like a spice because it is used to add flavor to the reaction, but it is not the main ingredient.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Helicase is like a cook who is stirring a pot of soup. The cook is using a spoon to move the soup around and make sure it is evenly mixed. Helicase is doing the same thing with the DNA. It is moving the DNA around and making sure it is evenly mixed.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
DNA replication binding proteins are like the kitchen utensils that help you cook. The utensils help you mix and chop the ingredients, and they make the cooking process easier and faster. The replication binding proteins help to mix and chop the DNA molecules, and they make the replication process easier and faster.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Ligase is like a kitchen tool that helps you seal the edges of a pie crust. It's a kind of adhesive that helps the crust stay together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A process control block is like a recipe for a dish. The recipe includes all the ingredients and instructions needed to make the dish. The process control block includes all the information needed to control the process.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Cooking a message is like cooking a meal. The ingredients (message bits) are mixed together and cooked until they are ready. The result is a cooked message that can be eaten.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
When you cook, you use different ingredients to make a dish. The ingredients all have different effects on the dish. Some ingredients make the dish spicy, others make it sweet. The same is true for drugs and receptor sites. Drugs are like ingredients, and receptor sites are like the dish. Each drug has a different effect on the receptor site. Some drugs make the receptor site more active, while others make it less active.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A monitor is like a stove. It is a device that you use to cook food. The food is the data that you want to cook, and the stove is the monitor.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The CPU is like the cook in the kitchen. The cook is in charge of preparing the food and making sure everything is cooked properly. The CPU is in charge of preparing the data and making sure everything is processed properly.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A motherboard is like a kitchen counter. It is a surface that everything else is built on top of. The motherboard is like the foundation of a house.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Ram is like a pot of boiling water. The more water you add, the more it boils. The more ram you add, the more it processes.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A power supply unit can be thought of as an electrical oven. Just as an oven needs power to create heat and cook food, a power supply unit needs power to create electricity and run a computer.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The keyboard is like a set of kitchen knives. Just as a good set of knives can make cooking a breeze, a good keyboard can make typing a breeze.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A mouse is like a kitchen tool that helps you move food around.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
An audio card can be thought of as an amplifier for your computer's sound system. Just as a good amplifier can make your music sound louder and clearer, a good audio card can make your computer's sound system sound better.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A video card is like a cookbook. It tells your computer what to do with the ingredients it is given.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The tree's age calculation is like a recipe. You need to know the ingredients and how to put them together. The ingredients are the tree's age, the number of rings, and the width of the rings. The recipe is to multiply the tree's age by the number of rings and divide by the width of the rings.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Glycolysis is like cooking a pizza. The pizza dough is the glucose molecule and the toppings are the pyruvate molecules. The oven is the body's metabolism and the heat is the energy from the sun.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
When light shines on a piece of metal, some of the light is reflected off the surface of the metal. The rest of the light passes through the metal and is scattered by the atoms inside the metal. This scattered light is called anti-stokes scattering.An analogy for anti-stokes scattering is cooking a piece of meat. When you cook the meat, some of the heat is reflected off the surface of the meat. The rest of the heat passes through the meat and is scattered by the atoms inside the meat. This scattered heat is called anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Stokes scattering is a bit like when you are cooking and you flip a pancake. The pancake flips over and then falls back down to the pan. The same thing happens with light. When light hits a particle, the light flips over and then falls back down to the particle.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that is lethal to 50% of the population. This is equivalent to the amount of a substance that is lethal to the average person. It is like the recipe for a dish that is lethal to half of the people who eat it.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The universe is like a big pot of soup. The ingredients in the soup are the planets, stars, and other objects in space. The soup is heated by the sun, and it cooks until it is ready to eat.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help to speed up chemical reactions in the body. They work a bit like a kitchen blender. You put in the ingredients, turn it on, and out comes a smoothie. Enzymes work in a similar way. They help to mix and blend the ingredients of a chemical reaction so that it can happen more quickly.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
The analogy is between anova and baking a cake. In anova, you are trying to determine the difference between the average of two groups of data. In baking a cake, you are trying to determine the difference between the average of two batches of cake batter.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
A thermostat is like a chef. The chef is in charge of the temperature in the kitchen. The chef can make the kitchen hotter or colder by turning on the oven, stove, or microwave. The thermostat is in charge of the temperature in the house. The thermostat can make the house hotter or colder by turning on the furnace or air conditioner.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Chemical equilibrium is like a pot of soup on the stove. The soup is in equilibrium when the temperature is just right and it's not too hot or too cold. If you turn up the heat, the soup will get hotter and if you turn it down, the soup will get colder. If you leave the soup alone, it will eventually reach equilibrium again.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Just-in-time is like having all of the ingredients for a recipe on hand when you start cooking. You don't have to run to the store to get the last ingredient, because you already have it.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a cook’s ability to adjust the seasoning of a dish to make it taste just right. The cook starts with a basic recipe, and then makes small adjustments to the seasoning until the dish is perfect. In the same way, the body’s adaptive immune system starts with a basic set of defenses, and then makes small adjustments to the immune response until the body is able to fight off the infection.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Ohm's law is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe tells you how much of each ingredient to use, and how to mix them together. Ohm's law tells you how much current will flow through a circuit, and how much voltage is across the circuit.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Transcription is like following a recipe. The recipe is the transcription, and the cook is the enzyme. The cook follows the recipe to make a dish. The cook can change the recipe, but the dish will still be made according to the recipe.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
RNA polymerase is like a cook. The cook takes ingredients (nucleotides) and makes a meal (a polymer).	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Ribosomes are like the kitchen of a restaurant. The kitchen is where all of the cooking happens. The ribosomes are where all of the protein synthesis happens.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
An activator protein is like an ingredient in a recipe. It is a molecule that helps to turn on a particular process in the cell.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Electricity is like a flow of water in a pipe. The water pressure (voltage) is like the water pressure in the pipe. The amount of water flowing (amperage) is like the amount of water flowing in the pipe. The water flow can be turned on and off by a valve (switch).	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Water is like a sauce. It coats and surrounds the food, and the water molecules stick together. The hydrophobic effect is like the oil in the sauce. The oil molecules are attracted to each other, and they push the water molecules away from them.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
Cooking is all about transforming one kind of food into another. For example, you might start with some raw chicken breasts and turn them into a delicious chicken dinner. The raw chicken is the signal, and the chicken dinner is the result of the signal being processed.In the same way, biological signals are processed to create different outcomes. For example, a hormone might signal the body to produce more muscle cells, or to release energy from stored fat. The hormone is the signal, and the increased muscle mass or energy release is the result of the signal being processed.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for student who likes cooking.
