Nadh is the "fuel" that is needed to create energy in the body. It is produced when the body breaks down food, and it is needed to create adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is the energy that powers all body functions.	nadh	Using a sports analogy, explain nadh.
A protein is like a team of athletes. The protein has a specific job, and the athletes work together to complete the task. The protein is made up of smaller parts called amino acids. The athletes are made up of smaller parts called cells.	proteins	Using a sports analogy, explain proteins.
DNA is the genetic material that makes up the chromosomes in the nucleus of the cell. It is composed of two strands of nucleotides twisted around each other to form a double helix. The sequence of nucleotides in DNA determines the genetic information in the cell.	dna	Using a sports analogy, explain dna.
Glycogen is the stored form of glucose in the body. It is a carbohydrate that is used to provide energy for the body, especially during physical activity. Glucose is converted to glycogen in the liver and muscles. Glycogen is an important source of energy for the body, and it is used to maintain blood sugar levels.	glycogen	Using a sports analogy, explain glycogen.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the muscles in your body. It is responsible for a lot of the work that goes on in the cell. Just like your muscles need energy and oxygen to work properly, the endoplasmic reticulum needs energy and oxygen to do its job.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a sports analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.
Golgi is like the referee in a sports game. He is responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players follow the rules. He also ensures that the game is run smoothly.	golgi	Using a sports analogy, explain golgi.
The plasma membrane is like the skin of an athlete. It is the outermost layer that protects the cells inside the body. The plasma membrane is also responsible for allowing important things like nutrients and oxygen to enter the cells, and for getting rid of waste products.	plasma membrane	Using a sports analogy, explain plasma membrane.
Lysosomes are like the "garbage collectors" of a cell. They are small sacs that contain enzymes that break down proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. This process helps to recycle these molecules and make new ones for the cell.	lysosome	Using a sports analogy, explain lysosome.
Peroxisomes are like the referees in a sports game. They are responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players are following the rules. Peroxisomes also help to keep the players healthy by getting rid of any waste products that build up during the game.	peroxisomes	Using a sports analogy, explain peroxisomes.
Mitochondria are the "powerhouses" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy in the form of ATP from food molecules.	mitochondria	Using a sports analogy, explain mitochondria.
A chloroplast is like the lungs of a plant. It takes in carbon dioxide from the air and uses the sun's energy to turn it into glucose, which the plant uses for food.	chloroplast	Using a sports analogy, explain chloroplast.
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a sports player. It provides support and structure to the cell, and helps it to move around. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins called cytoskeletal proteins, which form a network of filaments inside the cell. These filaments can change shape and length, allowing the cell to move and change shape.	cytoskeleton	Using a sports analogy, explain cytoskeleton.
ATP is the currency of energy in the body. It is produced by the mitochondria in the cells and is used to power everything from muscle contraction to brain function.	atp	Using a sports analogy, explain atp.
NADPH is like the oxygen that sports players need in order to perform at their best. It is a molecule that is necessary for the body to produce energy.	nadph	Using a sports analogy, explain nadph.
A peroxysome is like a sports team. It is a small, specialized organelle that is responsible for a specific task. In the case of a peroxysome, that task is the breakdown of hydrogen peroxide.	peroxysome	Using a sports analogy, explain peroxysome.
Mytochondria are the "powerhouses" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy in the form of ATP.	mytochondria	Using a sports analogy, explain mytochondria.
Electric forces are like the referee in a game. They make sure that the players follow the rules and that the game is fair. Electric forces make sure that the charges in an object obey the laws of physics.	electric forces	Using a sports analogy, explain electric forces.
A hydrogen electron's orbital is like a football player's position on the field. The player's position determines what part of the field they are responsible for. Similarly, the electron's orbital determines which part of the atom it is responsible for.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a sports analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
The first line of defense in the body is the skin. The skin is the body's first line of defense against infection, injury, and other environmental threats. The skin is made up of three layers: the epidermis, the dermis, and the hypodermis. The epidermis is the outermost layer of the skin and is made up of squamous cells. The dermis is the layer of the skin that contains the hair follicles, sweat glands, and sebaceous glands. The hypodermis is the layer of the skin that contains the fat cells.	first line of defense in the body	Using a sports analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.
A macrophage is a type of white blood cell that helps the body fight infection. It is like a sports player on a team. It is strong and can help protect the other players from getting sick.	macrophages	Using a sports analogy, explain macrophages.
T-helper cells are like the quarterbacks of the immune system. They are responsible for calling the shots and telling the other cells what to do. They help to activate the immune response and guide it in the right direction.	t-helper cells	Using a sports analogy, explain t-helper cells.
B-lymphocytes are like the quarterbacks on a football team. They are responsible for calling the plays and directing the other players on the field. In the immune system, they are responsible for initiating the immune response by producing antibodies.	b-lymphocytes	Using a sports analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the linebackers of the immune system. They are responsible for attacking and destroying cells that are infected or cancerous.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a sports analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
When bacteria invade the body, they are like an opposing team invading the other team's territory. The bacteria can cause damage to the cells in the body and can even cause death.	invasion of bacterias	Using a sports analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.
A sports analogy for action potential would be a runner. When the runner is at rest, they are not moving. However, when they start running, they get a burst of energy and they are able to move faster. This is similar to how an action potential works. When the neuron is at rest, it is not firing. However, when it gets a burst of energy (from a neurotransmitter), it is able to fire.	action potential	Using a sports analogy, explain action potential.
Chromatography is like a sports game in which two teams compete against each other. The players on one team are the molecules in the sample, and the players on the other team are the solvents. The goal of the game is to see which team can separate the players from each other the best. The players on the winning team are the molecules that are most different from each other.	experiment of chromatography	Using a sports analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.
A star's main-sequence lifetime is the amount of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. The longer a star spends on the main sequence, the more massive it is. The most massive stars have the shortest main-sequence lifetimes, while the least massive stars can live for billions of years.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a sports analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
Nucleus is the center of an atom. It is made up of protons and neutrons. The protons have a positive charge and the neutrons have a neutral charge. The electrons orbit around the nucleus.	nucleus	Using a sports analogy, explain nucleus.
Ribosomes are like the coaches of a sports team. They give instructions to the players (the proteins) and help them to work together to achieve the goal of the game (cellular function).	ribosomes	Using a sports analogy, explain ribosomes.
The golgi apparatus is like the referee of a sports game. It is responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players are following the rules. It also helps to keep the game organized by sorting and delivering the players' uniforms and other equipment.	golgi apparatus	Using a sports analogy, explain golgi apparatus.
Lysosomes are like the "garbage collectors" of a cell. They are small sacs that contain enzymes that break down proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. This process helps to recycle these molecules and make new ones for the cell.	lysosomes	Using a sports analogy, explain lysosomes.
The nuclear envelope is like the skin of an athlete. It surrounds and protects the nucleus, just as the skin surrounds and protects the body of an athlete. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm, and the inner membrane is in contact with the nucleus. The nuclear envelope helps to keep the nucleus and the cytoplasm separate.	nuclear envelope	Using a sports analogy, explain nuclear envelope.
A vacuole is like a sports stadium. It is a large, enclosed space where things can happen. In the sports stadium, people can watch the game and cheer on their favorite team. The vacuole is a place where things can happen, too. Cells can store things in the vacuole, and they can also get rid of things.	vacuoles	Using a sports analogy, explain vacuoles.
Cytoplasm is the fluid inside a cell that contains the cell's organelles. It is a thick, viscous fluid that helps to maintain the cell's shape. Cytoplasm also contains enzymes that help to carry out the cell's functions.	cytoplasm	Using a sports analogy, explain cytoplasm.
Chromosomes are like the players on a sports team. They are the basic units that make up the team. Chromosomes carry the genetic information that determines the characteristics of the player.	chromosome	Using a sports analogy, explain chromosome.
Cytosol is the sports arena where the action takes place. It is where the players (proteins) interact with each other and with the environment. The cytosol is also where the energy for the game comes from (the mitochondria).	cytosol	Using a sports analogy, explain cytosol.
A cell is like a team of athletes. The athletes work together to achieve a common goal. The cell's goal is to survive and reproduce. The athletes (cellular components) work together to carry out the cell's goals.	cell	Using a sports analogy, explain cell.
A vesicle is like a small container that stores things. In the body, vesicles store things like enzymes, hormones, and neurotransmitters.	vesicles	Using a sports analogy, explain vesicles.
A cell wall is like the fence around a sports field. It helps to keep things in and keep things out.	cell wall	Using a sports analogy, explain cell wall.
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as athletes need to train and condition their bodies in order to be successful, cells need to be healthy and functioning in order for an organism to be healthy. Cells come in all shapes and sizes, and each has a specific job to do in order to keep the organism healthy.	cells	Using a sports analogy, explain cells.
A cell membrane is like a goalie in a soccer game. It is responsible for blocking things from entering or exiting the cell. It is made up of a lipid bilayer with proteins embedded in it.	cell membrane	Using a sports analogy, explain cell membrane.
A golgi body is like the referee of a sports game. It is responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players are following the rules. It also helps to keep the game organized and running smoothly.	golgi body	Using a sports analogy, explain golgi body.
A capacitor is like a water tank. It can store a certain amount of energy. When you connect a wire to the capacitor, you are like a hose. You can use the energy stored in the capacitor to flow through the wire.	capacitance	Using a sports analogy, explain capacitance.
Electric current is like the flow of water in a river. Just as the water in a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage.	electric current	Using a sports analogy, explain electric current.
Voltage is the electrical pressure that pushes electrons through a conductor. It is measured in volts.	voltage	Using a sports analogy, explain voltage.
In a cell, specialization is the process by which different parts of the cell carry out different functions. For example, the nucleus is responsible for DNA replication and gene expression, while the cytoplasm is responsible for protein synthesis. Communication between different parts of the cell is essential for coordinating these different functions. For example, the nucleus needs to be able to send signals to the cytoplasm telling it when to start and stop protein synthesis.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a sports analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This law is important in electrical engineering because it allows us to calculate the voltage at any point in a circuit by tracing the path of the current.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a sports analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.
A density wave is like a crowd of people at a sporting event. The people are all packed together in one area, and then they slowly spread out. The density wave is created by the movement of the people.	nature of a density wave	Using a sports analogy, explain nature of a density wave.
Enzymes are like the referees of the body. They make sure that all the chemical reactions happen correctly and on time. Enzymes are very specific about the molecules they will work on, and they will only work on one molecule at a time.	enzymes	Using a sports analogy, explain enzymes.
The human active memory system can be thought of as a sports stadium. The stadium is filled with people who are all actively watching the game. The people in the stadium are the active memory system. The game that is being played is the information that is being remembered. The people in the stadium are actively watching the game and are able to remember the information that is being shown.	human active memory system	Using a sports analogy, explain human active memory system.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. This step is responsible for controlling the rate of the reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a sports analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
Column chromatography is like a race. The solvent is the track and the compounds are the runners. The faster the runners, the further they will travel. The column chromatography separates the compounds by how fast they travel. The faster compounds will travel further down the column than the slower compounds.	column chromatography	Using a sports analogy, explain column chromatography.
A sports analogy for dynamic chemical equilibrium would be a tennis match. In a tennis match, each player is trying to win by hitting the ball over the net and into the other player's court. However, the players are also constantly moving, dodging, and returning the ball. In the same way, the molecules in a chemical system are constantly moving and reacting with each other. However, at the same time, the system is in equilibrium, with the same number of molecules going in each direction.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a sports analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A vacuole is like a sports stadium. It is a large, enclosed space where things can happen. In the sports stadium, people can watch the game and cheer on their favorite team. The vacuole is a place where things can happen, too. Cells can store things in the vacuole, and they can also get rid of things.	vacuole	Using a sports analogy, explain vacuole.
A transport vesicle is like a sports car. It is fast and efficient. It can carry a lot of cargo and it can get to its destination quickly.	transport vesicles	Using a sports analogy, explain transport vesicles.
A proto-oncogene is a gene that can become an oncogene. Oncogenes are genes that can cause cancer. Proto-oncogenes are genes that can become oncogenes if they are mutated.	proto-oncogenes	Using a sports analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.
Oncogenes are like the coach of a sports team. They help the team to win by providing them with the necessary tools (e.g. training, advice, support). However, oncogenes can also turn into bad coaches by pushing the team too hard or making them do things that are not in their best interests. In the same way, oncogenes can cause cancer by making cells divide and grow too quickly.	oncogenes	Using a sports analogy, explain oncogenes.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the referees in a sports game. They make sure the game is played fairly and that the players follow the rules. Tumor suppressor genes help to keep cells from growing and dividing too quickly. When these genes stop working properly, it can lead to the development of cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a sports analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.
Brittle software is software that is not very flexible and breaks easily. It is not very tolerant of changes and does not handle errors well.	brittle software	Using a sports analogy, explain brittle software.
A resonance hybrid is a molecule that is composed of two or more atoms that are held together by covalent bonds. These atoms can be either the same or different. The atoms are said to be in resonance when they are able to exchange electrons. This allows the atoms to share their electrons more equally and results in a more stable molecule.	resonance hybrid	Using a sports analogy, explain resonance hybrid.
A wave mechanical model is similar to how a wave travels through water. The wave starts at the source and travels through the medium until it reaches the end. The wave mechanical model uses equations to calculate the wave properties at any point in the medium.	wave mechanical model	Using a sports analogy, explain wave mechanical model.
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. This test is used to help diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures.	electroencephalogram	Using a sports analogy, explain electroencephalogram.
DNA replication is like a sports team. The team has a playbook with all the plays they can run. The players practice the plays and when they are in a game, they run the plays that they have practiced. DNA replication is the same way. The DNA has a playbook with all the instructions for making a protein. The DNA is copied and the new copies practice making proteins. When the cells need proteins, they run the plays that the DNA has practiced.	dna replication	Using a sports analogy, explain dna replication.
RNA transcription is similar to the process of athletes practicing in order to improve their skills. Just as athletes need to practice in order to improve their skills, cells need to transcribe RNA in order to create proteins. The process of transcription allows cells to create a copy of a gene's DNA sequence so that it can be used to create a protein.	rna transcription	Using a sports analogy, explain rna transcription.
Protein translation is the process by which a protein is created from a gene. The gene is first transcribed into RNA, and then the RNA is translated into a protein.	protein translation	Using a sports analogy, explain protein translation.
An ecosystem is like a sports team. The players (species) all work together to achieve a common goal (survival). The players need each other to succeed and if one player is taken out of the game, the whole team suffers.	ecosystem	Using a sports analogy, explain ecosystem.
When an athlete makes a move, the energy starts at their feet and travels up their body. This is similar to how an action potential starts at the neuron's cell body and travels down the axon.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a sports analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs expand and contract as it breathes in and out. Frogs also have a special organ called the cloaca, which is used to absorb oxygen from the water.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a sports analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
A layered architecture is like a pyramid. The base is the widest and the top is the smallest. The base is the foundation that everything else is built on. The next layer is the middle and it is thinner than the base. The top is the smallest layer and it is the thinnest. The layers are built on top of each other.	layered architecture	Using a sports analogy, explain layered architecture.
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is completely used up in a chemical reaction. An excess reactant is a reactant that is not used up in a chemical reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a sports analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
A eukaryotic cell is like a professional sports team. They have many different players (proteins) that work together to achieve a common goal (cellular function). The players are highly specialized and work together to create a coordinated effort.	eukaryotic cell	Using a sports analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is like a team of players who have never worked together before. They don't have a coach to help them figure out how to work together and they don't have a playbook. They are just trying to figure out what to do on their own.	prokaryotic cell	Using a sports analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.
The kernel is the engine of a sports car. It is responsible for getting the car moving and keeping it moving. The kernel is also responsible for handling all of the important tasks that need to be done in order for the car to run smoothly.	operating systems kernel	Using a sports analogy, explain operating systems kernel.
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. For example, in a chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen to form water, if there is not enough hydrogen available, the reaction will stop because the oxygen will run out.	limiting reactant	Using a sports analogy, explain limiting reactant.
Helicase is a protein that helps to unzip the DNA double helix so that the genetic information can be accessed and used to create new proteins.	helicase	Using a sports analogy, explain helicase.
DNA replication binding proteins are like the referees of a sports game. They make sure that the game is played fairly and that the players are following the rules. In the same way, DNA replication binding proteins make sure that the DNA replication process is going smoothly and that all the proteins involved are doing their jobs correctly.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a sports analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.
Ligase is the enzyme that joins two DNA strands together. It is responsible for repairing breaks in DNA and for the replication of DNA.	ligase	Using a sports analogy, explain ligase.
A process control block (PCB) is a data structure in a computer operating system that describes the state of a process. It includes information such as the process's identity, priority, CPU time, memory usage, and open files.	process control block	Using a sports analogy, explain process control block.
Message encoding is similar to the way a sports team might encode their plays to keep the other team from understanding what they are doing. By using a code, the team can keep their opponents from knowing their next move. In the same way, message encoding allows you to send a message in a way that only the intended recipient can understand.	message encoding	Using a sports analogy, explain message encoding.
When an athlete takes performance-enhancing drugs, the drugs interact with receptor sites in the body to improve performance. The drugs bind to the receptor sites and change the way the muscles and organs function. This can improve the athlete's strength, speed, and endurance.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a sports analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
A monitor is like a referee in a sports game. They are responsible for making sure the game is played fairly and that the players are following the rules. Monitors also make sure the game is running smoothly and that any problems are addressed.	monitor	Using a sports analogy, explain monitor.
In computing, a central processing unit (CPU) is the electronic circuitry within a computer that carries out the instructions of a computer program by performing the basic arithmetical, logical, and input/output operations of the system.	cpu	Using a sports analogy, explain cpu.
A motherboard is the central nervous system of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds the computer's microprocessor, memory, and other essential components.	motherboard	Using a sports analogy, explain motherboard.
Ramming is a technique used in warfare whereby a military vehicle, typically a tank or warship, moves forward into a stationary enemy target at high speed, and collides with it.	ram	Using a sports analogy, explain ram.
A power supply unit (PSU) is like the engine of a car. It takes the power from the battery and converts it into a form that the other parts of the car can use. The PSU is responsible for supplying power to the motherboard, graphics card, hard drive, and other components.	power supply unit	Using a sports analogy, explain power supply unit.
A keyboard is like a sports team. It has many different players who each have a specific role in order to win. The quarterback is the leader and makes the decisions. The running back runs with the ball. The wide receivers catch the ball. The linemen block the other team. And so on.	keyboard	Using a sports analogy, explain keyboard.
Mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is used for sport by some people. It is fast, agile, and has sharp claws that can inflict a lot of damage.	mouse	Using a sports analogy, explain mouse.
An audio card is like a quarterback in a football game. The audio card is responsible for sending and receiving audio signals to and from the speakers and the microphone.	audio card	Using a sports analogy, explain audio card.
A video card is like the engine of a car. It is responsible for processing all the information that is shown on the screen.	video card	Using a sports analogy, explain video card.
A tree's age calculation is similar to a sports analogy in that it is constantly growing and evolving. Just as a sports team improves with practice and experience, a tree grows taller and stronger with time. The tree's age is determined by counting the number of rings in its trunk. Each ring represents one year of growth, so the tree's age can be determined by counting the rings.	tree's age calculation	Using a sports analogy, explain tree's age calculation.
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using a sports analogy, explain glycolysis.
Anti-stokes scattering is the scattering of light or other forms of electromagnetic radiation in the opposite direction to the direction of the incident radiation. It is the opposite process to the Stokes process, in which radiation is scattered in the same direction as the incident radiation.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a sports analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by small particles in a medium. The light is scattered in all directions and the intensity of the scattered light decreases with the distance from the particle.	stokes scattering	Using a sports analogy, explain stokes scattering.
A median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill half of the people who take it.	median lethal dose	Using a sports analogy, explain median lethal dose.
The universe can be thought of as a giant sports stadium. The stadium is filled with spectators (matter and energy) who are watching the game (the evolution of the universe). The players on the field are the fundamental particles (protons, neutrons, electrons, quarks, etc.) and the rules of the game are the laws of physics.	universe	Using a sports analogy, explain universe.
Enzyme mechanism is like a sports game. There are many players on the field (the enzyme) who are working together to achieve a common goal (catalysis). The players are constantly moving and interacting with each other to achieve the goal. Some players are more important than others, but all of them are necessary for the game to be successful.	enzyme mechanism	Using a sports analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.
Anova is a statistical technique used to compare the means of two or more groups. It is similar to the t-test, but can be used with more than two groups. Anova calculates a statistic called the F-ratio, which is used to determine whether the means of the groups are statistically different.	anova	Using a sports analogy, explain anova.
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on or off the heating or cooling system as needed.	thermostat	Using a sports analogy, explain thermostat.
Chemical equilibrium is like a sports game in which each team has an equal number of players. The game is in balance and neither team can gain an advantage. In the same way, chemical equilibrium is a state in which the concentrations of the reactants and products are equal. The reaction can continue to occur, but the rate is the same for both the forward and reverse reactions.	chemical equilibrium	Using a sports analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's efficiency by reducing the time between when a product is ordered and when it is received. This is done by having a just-in-time inventory, which is a stock of goods that is only replenished when it is needed. This reduces the amount of inventory that a company needs to keep on hand, which saves money on storage costs and reduces the amount of time that it takes to get products to customers.	just-in-time	Using a sports analogy, explain just-in-time.
Adaptive immunity is like a quarterback in football. The quarterback can see the entire field and make decisions about where to throw the ball. The quarterback is also adaptive, meaning he can learn and improve his skills. The immune system is like the quarterback of the body. It can see the entire body and make decisions about where to send antibodies to fight infection. The immune system is also adaptive, meaning it can learn and improve its skills.	adaptive immunity	Using a sports analogy, explain adaptive immunity.
In electrical circuits, the current is analogous to the flow of water in a pipe. Just as the water pressure in a pipe determines how much water flows through it, the voltage in an electrical circuit determines how much current flows through it. The resistance of the pipe determines how much water pressure is needed to get a certain flow rate. The resistance of an electrical circuit determines how much voltage is needed to get a certain flow rate.	ohm's law	Using a sports analogy, explain ohm's law.
Transcription is the process of copying genetic information from DNA to RNA. This process is necessary for the production of proteins, which are essential for the function of cells.	transcription	Using a sports analogy, explain transcription.
RNA polymerase is the enzyme that catalyzes the transcription of DNA into RNA. It binds to the DNA promoter region and uses the energy from the hydrogen bonds between the DNA base pairs to synthesize an RNA molecule.	rna polymerase	Using a sports analogy, explain rna polymerase.
Ribosomes are like the coaches of a sports team. They help to create the proteins that are necessary for the team to function.	ribosome	Using a sports analogy, explain ribosome.
Activator protein is like the quarterback in a football game. It is responsible for starting the process that leads to gene expression.	activator protein	Using a sports analogy, explain activator protein.
A circuit is like a sports game. There are two teams, and each team has a goal. The teams try to score goals by moving the ball (electricity) from one side of the field to the other. The team that scores the most goals (electricity) wins the game.	electric circuit	Using a sports analogy, explain electric circuit.
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in water. This is because the water molecules are polar and can interact with the polar molecules on the surface of the nonpolar molecules. This interaction disrupts the packing of the nonpolar molecules and they tend to clump together.	hydrophobic effect	Using a sports analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.
In biological signal transduction, a signal is transmitted from the outside of a cell to the inside. This signal is then converted into a response by the cell. This response can be either a change in the cell's activity or a change in the cell's state.	biological signal transduction	Using a sports analogy, explain biological signal transduction.
