Nadh is the fuel that the body uses to create energy. It is produced when the body breaks down food or when it is synthesized in the body from other molecules.	nadh	Using a cooking analogy, explain nadh.
Proteins are like the flour in a cake recipe. They are the main structural component of the cell and are responsible for most of the cell's functions.	proteins	Using a cooking analogy, explain proteins.
DNA is like a recipe for a dish. It tells the cells how to make a particular protein.	dna	Using a cooking analogy, explain dna.
Glycogen is the body's storage form of glucose, which is a type of sugar. Glucose is the body's main source of energy. Glycogen is made up of long chains of glucose molecules. It is stored in the liver and in the muscles. When the body needs energy, glycogen is broken down into glucose molecules and released into the bloodstream.	glycogen	Using a cooking analogy, explain glycogen.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the kitchen of a restaurant. It is where all of the food is prepared. The endoplasmic reticulum is responsible for creating new proteins and sending them to the Golgi apparatus where they will be packaged and sent to the rest of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a cooking analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that is found in the cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells. It is responsible for the processing and packaging of proteins and lipids that are produced by the endoplasmic reticulum. The proteins and lipids that are processed by the Golgi apparatus are then transported to other parts of the cell, or to the cell membrane, where they are used to build or maintain the cell's structure.	golgi	Using a cooking analogy, explain golgi.
The plasma membrane is like the skin of an onion. It is a thin layer of cells that surrounds the onion (or any other cell). The plasma membrane is responsible for keeping the contents of the cell inside while keeping things like bacteria and other things out.	plasma membrane	Using a cooking analogy, explain plasma membrane.
Lysosomes are like the stomach of a cell. They digest and break down food (macromolecules) and recycle the nutrients.	lysosome	Using a cooking analogy, explain lysosome.
Peroxisomes are like the oven in a kitchen. They are small, round organelles that are found in the cytoplasm of cells. They are responsible for the breakdown of fatty acids and the production of hydrogen peroxide.	peroxisomes	Using a cooking analogy, explain peroxisomes.
Mitochondria are the "engines" of the cell. They produce energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) for the cell to use.	mitochondria	Using a cooking analogy, explain mitochondria.
A chloroplast is like a stove. The stove has a burner on the top that gets hot and cooks the food. The chloroplast has a membrane on the top that gets hot and cooks the food. The chloroplast has a membrane on the bottom that gets hot and cooks the food. The chloroplast has a membrane on the side that gets hot and cooks the food. The chloroplast has a burner on the side that gets hot and cooks the food.	chloroplast	Using a cooking analogy, explain chloroplast.
The cytoskeleton is like the skeleton of a cooking pot. It is the framework that holds the pot together. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins that form a network of filaments. These filaments help to maintain the shape of the cell and to organize the cell's contents.	cytoskeleton	Using a cooking analogy, explain cytoskeleton.
ATP is the energy currency of the cell. It is produced by the mitochondria and is used to power all cellular processes.	atp	Using a cooking analogy, explain atp.
NADPH is like the gas in a stove. It is the energy that helps the stovetop cook the food. NADPH is also necessary for the body to make energy from food.	nadph	Using a cooking analogy, explain nadph.
Peroxysomes are like the oven in a kitchen. They are small organelles that use oxygen to help break down food.	peroxysome	Using a cooking analogy, explain peroxysome.
Mytochondria are the cells in the body that produce energy. They are like the oven in a kitchen, and the food is like the fuel that they use to produce energy.	mytochondria	Using a cooking analogy, explain mytochondria.
Electric forces are like the attraction between two magnets. They are both forces that cause objects to move towards each other.	electric forces	Using a cooking analogy, explain electric forces.
A hydrogen electron orbital is like a cooking pot on the stove. The pot is filled with water and is on the stove, heating up. The water is like the electrons in an atom and the stove is like the nucleus. The pot is getting hotter and hotter and the water is boiling. The boiling water is like the electrons in an atom that are getting more and more excited.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a cooking analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
The body's first line of defense is the skin. The skin is a barrier that protects the body from harmful substances and bacteria. The skin also helps to regulate the body's temperature.	first line of defense in the body	Using a cooking analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.
Macrophages are like the oven in a kitchen. They are large cells that can engulf and digest particles or organisms.	macrophages	Using a cooking analogy, explain macrophages.
T-helper cells are like the chef in the kitchen. They are responsible for telling other cells what to do and how to do it. They help orchestrate the immune response and help to fight off infection.	t-helper cells	Using a cooking analogy, explain t-helper cells.
B-lymphocytes are like the chefs in a kitchen. They are responsible for creating the recipes (antibodies) that will be used to fight off infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using a cooking analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the chefs in a kitchen. They are responsible for preparing and cooking the food. In the same way, cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are responsible for destroying cancer cells and other infected cells.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a cooking analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
When you cook food, you use heat to kill any bacteria that may be present. This is similar to how the body fights off invading bacteria. The body's immune system uses heat (fever) and other methods to kill the bacteria.	invasion of bacterias	Using a cooking analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.
Action potential is like when you turn on a stove. The stove has a small coil in it that gets hot when you turn on the stove. This coil then heats up the metal in the pan and starts to cook the food. The action potential is like the coil in the stove. It is a small burst of energy that travels down the neuron and starts to cook the food (the neurotransmitters).	action potential	Using a cooking analogy, explain action potential.
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed on a strip of paper and the different components travel different distances, depending on their size and weight. The different components can then be separated by color, because they will have different colors.	experiment of chromatography	Using a cooking analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.
A star's life begins with the fusion of hydrogen atoms into helium atoms in its core. This process releases energy, which makes the star shine. The star continues to fuse hydrogen into helium in its core as long as it has enough hydrogen to do so. When the star runs out of hydrogen, fusion stops and the star's core begins to collapse. The star's outer layers are then blown away in a supernova explosion. The core of the star is left behind as a white dwarf. A star's life on the main sequence lasts for about 10 billion years.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a cooking analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
The nucleus is the "heart" of the atom. It is the small, dense center that contains the atom's protons and neutrons. The electrons orbit around the nucleus.	nucleus	Using a cooking analogy, explain nucleus.
Ribosomes are like the stove in a kitchen. They are responsible for taking the instructions from the recipe (DNA) and creating the finished product (proteins).	ribosomes	Using a cooking analogy, explain ribosomes.
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like a kitchen. It takes the raw ingredients that come in from the outside world, and processes them into something that the cell can use. It does this by packaging the proteins and other molecules into small sacs called vesicles. These vesicles can then be transported to wherever they are needed in the cell.	golgi apparatus	Using a cooking analogy, explain golgi apparatus.
Lysosomes are like the stomach of a cell. They digest and break down food and other materials that enter the cell.	lysosomes	Using a cooking analogy, explain lysosomes.
The nuclear envelope is like the skin of an onion. It surrounds the nucleus of the cell and helps to protect it.	nuclear envelope	Using a cooking analogy, explain nuclear envelope.
A vacuole is like a cooking pot. It is a container that holds a substance. In the cooking pot, the substance is the food. In the vacuole, the substance is the water.	vacuoles	Using a cooking analogy, explain vacuoles.
Cytoplasm is the soup or sauce in which the cells of a plant or animal are suspended. It is a thick, colorless fluid that contains the cell's organelles and other structures.	cytoplasm	Using a cooking analogy, explain cytoplasm.
Chromosomes are like the recipe for a cake. They contain the instructions for how to build a particular type of cell.	chromosome	Using a cooking analogy, explain chromosome.
Cytosol is the soup or sauce in which the cells' organelles are suspended. It is a water-based solution that contains proteins, salts, and other molecules needed for the cell to function.	cytosol	Using a cooking analogy, explain cytosol.
A cell is like a small kitchen. It has a stove, a sink, and a refrigerator. The stove is like the nucleus, the sink is like the cytoplasm, and the refrigerator is like the cell membrane.	cell	Using a cooking analogy, explain cell.
Cooking analogy: Vesicles are like small, individual packets of ingredients that are mixed together to make a dish. In the same way that a cook might combine spices, vegetables, and meat in a packet to create a flavorful dish, vesicles combine different molecules to create a new entity.	vesicles	Using a cooking analogy, explain vesicles.
Cell walls are like the walls of a kitchen. They are strong and hold the structure of the kitchen together. The cell wall also helps to keep the kitchen clean by preventing food from spilling out.	cell wall	Using a cooking analogy, explain cell wall.
Cells are like the ingredients in a recipe. Just as you need flour, sugar, eggs, and butter to make a cake, you need cells, proteins, and DNA to make a living organism. Cells come together to form tissues, which come together to form organs, which come together to form organ systems, which come together to form an organism.	cells	Using a cooking analogy, explain cells.
A cell membrane is like a pot of water on the stove. The water is like the cell membrane and the stove is like the cell's environment. The water is heated by the stove and it starts to boil. The boiling water is like the cells in the body. The cells are heated by the environment and they start to boil. The boiling cells are like the cells in the body that are in the process of dying.	cell membrane	Using a cooking analogy, explain cell membrane.
The Golgi body is like a kitchen. It is where the food is prepared and packaged for delivery to the rest of the body. The Golgi body is also responsible for getting rid of waste products.	golgi body	Using a cooking analogy, explain golgi body.
A capacitor is like a container of water. If you have a large container and a small container, the small container will fill up more quickly than the large container. This is because the small container has a higher capacitance. Capacitance is a measure of how much charge a capacitor can store.	capacitance	Using a cooking analogy, explain capacitance.
Electric current is like the flow of water through a hose. The higher the pressure of the water (voltage), the faster the water will flow (current).	electric current	Using a cooking analogy, explain electric current.
Voltage is the pressure that pushes the electricity through the wires. Just like with water, the more pressure you have, the faster the water will flow.	voltage	Using a cooking analogy, explain voltage.
In a cell, the nucleus is the brain. It contains the genetic information that tells the cell what to do. The nucleus communicates with the rest of the cell by sending out chemical signals. The cytoplasm is the body of the cell. It contains the proteins that carry out the instructions from the nucleus. The cytoplasm communicates with the nucleus by sending out chemical signals.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a cooking analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This law is important in electrical engineering because it allows us to calculate the voltage at any point in a circuit by tracing the path of the current.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a cooking analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.
A density wave is like a ripple in a pond. It is a disturbance that travels through a medium. In the case of a pond, the water is the medium and the ripple is the disturbance. The density wave is a disturbance in the density of the water. It is a wave of higher or lower density that travels through the water.	nature of a density wave	Using a cooking analogy, explain nature of a density wave.
Enzymes are like the oven in a kitchen. They are responsible for the chemical reactions that occur in the food. Enzymes are found in all living things and are responsible for all the chemical reactions that occur in the body.	enzymes	Using a cooking analogy, explain enzymes.
The human active memory system is like a cookbook. It is a collection of recipes that we can use to cook food. We can look up recipes in the cookbook, and we can also add our own recipes to the cookbook. The cookbook is always with us, and we can use it to cook food whenever we want.	human active memory system	Using a cooking analogy, explain human active memory system.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. The rate of the reaction is determined by the rate of the slowest step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a cooking analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
Column chromatography is like using a colander to separate pasta from water. The pasta (the compound being separated) is the solid, while the water (the solvent) is the liquid. The colander (the chromatography column) is filled with small holes (the stationary phase), which the pasta passes through while the water washes it away. The size of the holes determines how much of the pasta is separated from the water.	column chromatography	Using a cooking analogy, explain column chromatography.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a pot of boiling water. The water is in a state of dynamic equilibrium because the boiling and the cooling are happening at the same rate.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a cooking analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A vacuole is like a cooking pot. It is a container that holds a substance. In the cooking pot, the substance is the food. In the vacuole, the substance is the cell's sap.	vacuole	Using a cooking analogy, explain vacuole.
Cooking analogy: Transport vesicles are like the pots and pans in a kitchen. The pots and pans are used to cook the food, and the transport vesicles are used to transport the food.	transport vesicles	Using a cooking analogy, explain transport vesicles.
Proto-oncogenes are like the ingredients in a recipe for a cake. They are the basic components that, when combined in the right way, can lead to cancer. But like the ingredients in a cake, proto-oncogenes by themselves are not enough to cause cancer. It takes something else, like a cancer-causing mutation, to turn them into oncogenes.	proto-oncogenes	Using a cooking analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.
Oncogenes are like the gas burners on a stove. They are responsible for the production of energy in the cell. When they are turned on, they produce the energy that the cell needs to grow and divide. When they are turned off, the cell stops growing and dividing.	oncogenes	Using a cooking analogy, explain oncogenes.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep cells from growing and dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a cooking analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.
Brittle software is like a cake that falls apart when you try to pick it up. It's not very stable and it's not very resilient.	brittle software	Using a cooking analogy, explain brittle software.
A resonance hybrid is a molecule that is made up of more than one type of atom. These atoms are held together by covalent bonds. The atoms are able to share electrons so that they can form a stable molecule. The resonance hybrid is the most stable form of the molecule.	resonance hybrid	Using a cooking analogy, explain resonance hybrid.
A cooking analogy for the wave mechanical model is waves of heat. Just as sound waves travel through the air, waves of heat travel through materials. The wave mechanical model helps to explain how the waves of heat move through materials.	wave mechanical model	Using a cooking analogy, explain wave mechanical model.
An electroencephalogram is a measure of the electrical activity of the brain. It is a recording of the voltage fluctuations resulting from the summed electrical activity of the billions of neurons in the brain.	electroencephalogram	Using a cooking analogy, explain electroencephalogram.
DNA replication is similar to making a copy of a document. The DNA molecule is like the document, and the copies are the copies of the document. The process of DNA replication is also similar to printing a document. The printer is like the DNA molecule, and the copies are the copies of the document.	dna replication	Using a cooking analogy, explain dna replication.
RNA transcription is the process of copying genetic information from DNA to RNA. This process is necessary for the cell to use the genetic information to create proteins.	rna transcription	Using a cooking analogy, explain rna transcription.
Protein translation is the process of reading a gene's DNA sequence and creating a protein molecule. The protein molecule is created by reading the gene's DNA sequence and then using the sequence to create a protein molecule.	protein translation	Using a cooking analogy, explain protein translation.
A cooking analogy for an ecosystem would be to think of the ingredients in a recipe. The ecosystem would be the recipe, and the ingredients would be the plants, animals, and other organisms that live in it. The recipe would be the instructions for putting the ingredients together, and the ecosystem would be the result of following the instructions.	ecosystem	Using a cooking analogy, explain ecosystem.
When an action potential is generated at the axon hillock, it travels down the axon as a wave of depolarization. This wave is caused by the opening of voltage-gated sodium channels, which allows sodium ions to flow into the neuron. This influx of sodium ions causes the membrane potential to become more positive, and the wave of depolarization travels down the axon. As the wave of depolarization reaches the end of the axon, it causes the opening of voltage-gated potassium channels, which allows potassium ions to flow out of the neuron. This causes the membrane potential to become more negative, and the wave of depolarization is reversed. This process allows the action potential to travel down the axon and to the terminal buttons, where it causes the release of neurotransmitters.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a cooking analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs extract oxygen from the air and the frog's blood carries the oxygen throughout its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a cooking analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
Cooking analogy: A layered architecture is like a cake. The cake has different layers, each with a different purpose. The bottom layer is the foundation. It is the most important layer because it supports the rest of the cake. The next layer is the cake itself. It is made of cake batter and is the most visible layer. The top layer is the frosting. It is the most decorative layer and it covers up the mistakes made in the other layers.	layered architecture	Using a cooking analogy, explain layered architecture.
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is used up first in a chemical reaction. An excess reactant is a reactant that is not used up in a chemical reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a cooking analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
A eukaryotic cell is like a well-cooked meal. The ingredients (proteins, lipids, etc.) are all well-integrated and the cell has a well-defined structure. The cell is also able to carry out complex functions, such as protein synthesis and cell division.	eukaryotic cell	Using a cooking analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is like an oven. It has a heating element (the cytoplasm) and a container to hold the food (the cell membrane). The heating element is turned on and the food is cooked.	prokaryotic cell	Using a cooking analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.
The kernel is the "heart" of the operating system. It is responsible for managing the system's resources and providing basic services to the other parts of the system. The kernel is also responsible for security, ensuring that unauthorized users cannot access the system's resources.	operating systems kernel	Using a cooking analogy, explain operating systems kernel.
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. For example, in a recipe for cookies, the sugar is the limiting reactant. If there is not enough sugar, the cookies will not be sweet.	limiting reactant	Using a cooking analogy, explain limiting reactant.
Helicase is a protein that helps to unwind DNA strands. It is responsible for separating the two strands of DNA and making them available for replication.	helicase	Using a cooking analogy, explain helicase.
Cooking analogy: DNA replication binding proteins are like the kitchen timer. They help to ensure that the DNA replication process is completed in a timely manner.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a cooking analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.
Ligase is the enzyme that joins two DNA strands together. It is responsible for repairing broken DNA strands and for creating new DNA strands during replication.	ligase	Using a cooking analogy, explain ligase.
Cooking a meal is a process that can be controlled to produce a desired outcome. The same is true for many industrial processes. A process control block (PCB) is a tool used in process control to help achieve a desired outcome.A PCB is a digital or analog controller that is used to regulate a process. The controller receives input from sensors that measure the process variable, and then outputs a signal to actuators that adjust the process. The controller can be tuned to achieve a desired setpoint for the process variable.The PCB is a key component of a process control system. The system uses feedback from the process to adjust the controller and maintain the process variable at the desired setpoint.	process control block	Using a cooking analogy, explain process control block.
Cooking analogy: Message encoding is like using a recipe to make a cake. The recipe is a set of instructions that tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. The same recipe can be used to make the same cake every time, even if the ingredients are different. Message encoding is a set of instructions that tells a computer how to encode a message so that it can be sent over a network. The same encoding can be used to send the same message every time, even if the contents of the message are different.	message encoding	Using a cooking analogy, explain message encoding.
When you cook food, the heat from the stovetop or oven causes the molecules in the food to move around and interact with each other. This interaction creates new molecules and changes the structure of the food. The same thing happens with drugs and receptor sites. The drug molecules move around and interact with the receptor sites, creating new molecules and changing the structure of the receptor site.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a cooking analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
A monitor is like a stove. It is a device that you use to cook food. A monitor is a device that you use to view information.	monitor	Using a cooking analogy, explain monitor.
A CPU is like a chef in a kitchen. The chef is in charge of all the cooking in the kitchen. The CPU is in charge of all the computing in the computer.	cpu	Using a cooking analogy, explain cpu.
A motherboard is the main circuit board in a computer. It is a large, flat piece of plastic that has a number of connectors on it. These connectors allow the motherboard to be connected to the other components in the computer, such as the processor, the memory, and the hard drive.	motherboard	Using a cooking analogy, explain motherboard.
Ram is a type of computer memory that is used to store data temporarily. It is similar to random access memory (RAM), but is faster and can be used to store more data.	ram	Using a cooking analogy, explain ram.
A power supply unit is like a battery in a car. It is a device that converts AC power to DC power. It is also responsible for supplying power to the other components in the computer.	power supply unit	Using a cooking analogy, explain power supply unit.
A keyboard is like a stove. You can put things on it to cook, and it will cook them.	keyboard	Using a cooking analogy, explain keyboard.
Mouse is a small rodent that is closely related to rats. They are typically brown or gray in color and have a long tail. Mice are known for their ability to quickly reproduce and can be a nuisance in homes and businesses.	mouse	Using a cooking analogy, explain mouse.
An audio card is like a chef's knife. It's an essential tool that you need in your kitchen if you want to cook. An audio card is what you need if you want to listen to music or watch movies on your computer.	audio card	Using a cooking analogy, explain audio card.
A video card is like a cook's stove. It is a device that helps to create the images that are displayed on a computer screen.	video card	Using a cooking analogy, explain video card.
The tree's age calculation is like a cook making a cake. The cook starts with a cake mix and follows the instructions on the box. The cook adds eggs, oil, water, and other ingredients to the mix. The cook puts the cake in the oven and cooks it for a set amount of time. The cook takes the cake out of the oven and lets it cool. The cook slices the cake and serves it to the guests. The cake is the same age as the cook.	tree's age calculation	Using a cooking analogy, explain tree's age calculation.
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using a cooking analogy, explain glycolysis.
When light is scattered by a small particle, the scattered light is inversely proportional to the fourth power of the wavelength. This is known as Raleigh scattering. When light is scattered by a large particle, the scattered light is inversely proportional to the sixth power of the wavelength. This is known as anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a cooking analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.
Cooking analogy: Stokes scattering is like when you scatter pepper onto a dish. The pepper is the light and the dish is the medium. When the pepper is scattered, it scatters in all directions. This is similar to what happens when light is scattered by particles in the medium.	stokes scattering	Using a cooking analogy, explain stokes scattering.
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is lethal to 50% of the population. In other words, it is the dose that kills half of the people who ingest it.	median lethal dose	Using a cooking analogy, explain median lethal dose.
The universe is like a pot of boiling water. The water is the universe, and the pot is the container. The water is constantly moving and changing, and the pot is the only thing that is stable. The water is constantly boiling and changing, and the pot is the only thing that is stable.	universe	Using a cooking analogy, explain universe.
Enzyme mechanism is like a cooking recipe. The recipe has all the instructions for how to make a dish. The ingredients are the same, but the amounts and order may vary. The steps of the recipe are like the enzyme mechanism. The enzyme mechanism is made up of the steps that the enzyme takes to convert the substrate into the product. The substrate is the ingredient that the enzyme is working on, and the product is the end result. The enzyme mechanism is like a set of instructions that tells the enzyme how to do its job.	enzyme mechanism	Using a cooking analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.
Anova is a statistical technique used to compare the means of two or more groups. It is similar to the t-test, but is more powerful.	anova	Using a cooking analogy, explain anova.
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a system. It does this by turning on or off a heating or cooling device, depending on the temperature set on the thermostat.	thermostat	Using a cooking analogy, explain thermostat.
Chemical equilibrium is like a pot of boiling water. The water is at equilibrium when the temperature is the same at the top and the bottom of the pot. The water is in equilibrium because the energy of the system is balanced. The same is true for chemical equilibrium. The energy of the system is balanced and the molecules are in equilibrium.	chemical equilibrium	Using a cooking analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.
Just-in-time is a production philosophy that aims to produce only what is needed, when it is needed. This is done by closely monitoring inventory levels and only producing what is ordered. This helps to avoid waste and keep costs down.	just-in-time	Using a cooking analogy, explain just-in-time.
Adaptive immunity is like a cook using spices to improve the flavor of a dish. The cook can add new spices to the dish or adjust the amounts of spices to improve the flavor. In the same way, the body can add new cells to its immune system or adjust the activity of immune cells to improve the defense against infection.	adaptive immunity	Using a cooking analogy, explain adaptive immunity.
Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference between those points. In other words, the greater the voltage, the greater the current, and vice versa.	ohm's law	Using a cooking analogy, explain ohm's law.
Transcription is the process of copying a gene's DNA sequence into a new molecule of RNA.	transcription	Using a cooking analogy, explain transcription.
RNA polymerase is the enzyme that catalyzes the transcription of DNA into RNA. It binds to the DNA promoter region and uses the energy from the hydrogen bonds between the DNA base pairs to catalyze the formation of RNA from the free nucleotides in the solution.	rna polymerase	Using a cooking analogy, explain rna polymerase.
Ribosomes are like the stove in a kitchen. They are responsible for taking the instructions from the recipe (DNA) and creating the finished product (proteins).	ribosome	Using a cooking analogy, explain ribosome.
Activator protein is a protein that helps to start the chemical reaction that makes the DNA in the nucleus readable.	activator protein	Using a cooking analogy, explain activator protein.
Electricity flows through a circuit like water flows through a pipe. The electricity is like the water, and the circuit is like the pipe. The electricity flows through the circuit until it reaches the end, and then it starts over again.	electric circuit	Using a cooking analogy, explain electric circuit.
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This is because the polar water molecules are attracted to each other and push the nonpolar molecules away.	hydrophobic effect	Using a cooking analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.
Cooking analogy: Biological signal transduction is like cooking a meal. The ingredients (amino acids, lipids, etc.) are like the signals, and the stove is like the receptor. The heat from the stove cooks the food, and the signals are changed as they pass through the receptor.	biological signal transduction	Using a cooking analogy, explain biological signal transduction.
