Nadh is like the cash flow for a business. It is the money that is coming in and going out. The business needs to have a positive nadh in order to be successful.	nadh	Explain nadh using a business analogy.
Proteins are like the employees of a business. They are responsible for carrying out the tasks that keep the business running.	proteins	Explain proteins using a business analogy.
DNA is like a blueprint for a business. It contains all of the information needed to create the business, including the name, the products or services offered, and the procedures for running the business.	dna	Explain dna using a business analogy.
Glycogen is like a company's cash reserve. It is a stored form of energy that the body can use when it needs it.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using a business analogy.
Endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a business's shipping and receiving department. The endoplasmic reticulum receives proteins and other molecules from the cytoplasm of the cell, modifies them, and then sends them to their appropriate destination.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using a business analogy.
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives proteins and other materials from the endoplasmic reticulum, processes them, and sends them off to their final destinations.	golgi	Explain golgi using a business analogy.
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the boundary of a business. It separates what is inside the business from what is outside the business. The plasma membrane is selectively permeable, meaning that it allows some things to pass through it while preventing other things from passing through. This allows the business to control what goes in and out.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using a business analogy.
Lysosomes are like the recycling plant of a business. They recycle old or damaged materials into new materials that can be used again.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using a business analogy.
Peroxisomes are like the quality control department of a business. They are responsible for making sure that the products that the business produces are of the highest quality. They do this by inspecting the products and getting rid of any that are not up to standard.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using a business analogy.
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of the cell. Just as a business needs a reliable and efficient source of power to function, cells need mitochondria to produce the energy they need to survive. Mitochondria are responsible for producing adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which is the primary source of energy for cells.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using a business analogy.
A chloroplast is like a factory. The plant cells produce glucose (sugar) in the chloroplasts. The glucose is used to produce energy for the plant cell.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using a business analogy.
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides support to the cells and helps them to maintain their shape.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using a business analogy.
ATP is the currency of energy in the body. Just as a business needs money to buy things, the body needs ATP to do things like move muscles and pump blood. ATP is made when the body breaks down food or when it uses energy from stored fat or sugar.	atp	Explain atp using a business analogy.
NADPH is like the fuel that a business uses to run. It is necessary for the business to function and helps to produce energy.	nadph	Explain nadph using a business analogy.
Peroxysomes are like the quality control department of a business. They are responsible for making sure that the products that the business produces are of the highest quality. They do this by inspecting the products and making sure that they meet all of the necessary standards. If they find any problems with the products, they will work to fix them.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using a business analogy.
Mytochondria are the "workers" in a business. They are responsible for producing energy for the cell.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using a business analogy.
Electric forces are like the forces that hold two magnets together. Just as the magnets are attracted to each other, electric charges are attracted to each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using a business analogy.
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a salesperson who is trying to sell a product to a customer. The orbital is the salesperson's territory, and the customer is the nucleus of the atom. The salesperson's goal is to sell as many products as possible to the customer.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using a business analogy.
The first line of defense in the body is similar to the front line of employees in a business. These employees are the first to encounter customers and are responsible for providing a good first impression. They are also responsible for handling any complaints or problems that may arise. In the body, the first line of defense is responsible for preventing infections from entering the body and for fighting off any infections that do enter.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using a business analogy.
Macrophages can be thought of as the janitors of the immune system. They are responsible for cleaning up debris and pathogens in the body. Like janitors, they are not always seen, but they are always working hard to keep things clean.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using a business analogy.
T-helper cells are like the human resources department of a business. They are responsible for recruiting new immune cells to help fight infection and disease, and for helping to coordinate the immune response.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using a business analogy.
B-lymphocytes are like the human resources department of a company. They are responsible for recruiting new employees (T-lymphocytes) and training them to do their job. They also help to coordinate the activities of the other cells in the immune system.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using a business analogy.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as the "sales force" of the immune system. They are responsible for identifying and destroying cells that are infected or cancerous.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using a business analogy.
Bacteria are like a business that is expanding rapidly and taking over new territory. The bacteria are invading new cells and using up the resources, which can cause problems for the cell. The bacteria are also spreading to new areas and can cause infection.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using a business analogy.
The action potential is like a customer service representative who is available 24/7. They are always there to help the customer and are always willing to go the extra mile.	action potential	Explain action potential using a business analogy.
The experiment of chromatography is similar to a business where the different products are the different colors and the different customers are the different parts of the paper. The different products are placed in order on one side of the paper and the different customers are placed in order on the other side of the paper. The different products are then mixed together and the different customers are then mixed together. The different products and customers are then separated from each other by the paper.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using a business analogy.
The main-sequence lifetime of a star can be thought of as the amount of time a star will remain in its prime earning years. The main-sequence lifetime of a star is determined by the star's mass. The more massive a star is, the shorter its main-sequence lifetime will be.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using a business analogy.
The nucleus is the CEO of a company. It is in charge of making decisions that will affect the entire company.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using a business analogy.
Ribosomes are the protein factories of the cell. Just as a business needs machines to manufacture products, the cell needs ribosomes to manufacture proteins.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using a business analogy.
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a shipping and receiving department in a business. The Golgi receives shipments of raw materials (such as proteins and lipids) from the ER and packages them into finished products (such as enzymes and hormones). The Golgi then sends these finished products to their appropriate destinations (such as the plasma membrane or the lysosomes).	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using a business analogy.
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They recycle old or damaged materials so that the business can continue to function efficiently.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using a business analogy.
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for making decisions that affect the company as a whole. The nuclear envelope is responsible for making decisions that affect the nucleus of the cell.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using a business analogy.
A vacuole is like a storage room in a business. It is a place where things can be stored until they are needed.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using a business analogy.
The cytoplasm is the "working area" of the cell. It is where all the important cellular activities take place, such as protein synthesis and energy production. In a business analogy, the cytoplasm would be the office where the employees work.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using a business analogy.
Chromosomes are like the blueprints for a business. They contain the genetic information that determines how the business is run.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using a business analogy.
The cytosol can be thought of as the "office space" of the cell. It is where all of the cell's important work takes place.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using a business analogy.
A cell is like a small business. It has a boss (the nucleus), employees (the cytoplasm), and a purpose (to carry out the functions of the cell).	cell	Explain cell using a business analogy.
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold a small amount of something. It is like a small business that can hold a small amount of money.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using a business analogy.
A cell wall can be thought of as a company's firewall. It is a barrier that helps to protect the company's internal systems from unauthorized access and from outside threats.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using a business analogy.
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as a business has a basic structure of employees, a cell has a basic structure of proteins. The employees of a business are responsible for different tasks, and the proteins of a cell are responsible for different tasks. The employees of a business work together to create a product or service, and the proteins of a cell work together to create a product or service.	cells	Explain cells using a business analogy.
The cell membrane can be thought of as a business. The cell membrane is the boundary of the cell and it controls what goes in and out of the cell. The cell membrane is also responsible for maintaining the cell's internal environment.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using a business analogy.
The Golgi body can be thought of as the shipping and receiving department of a business. It receives shipments of raw materials from the cell nucleus and then packages and distributes the finished products to other parts of the cell.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using a business analogy.
A capacitor is like a container of water. The more water you have in the container, the more capacitance you have.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using a business analogy.
Electric current is like the flow of money in a business. Just as money needs to flow in order for the business to function, electric current needs to flow in order for an electronic device to work.	electric current	Explain electric current using a business analogy.
Voltage is like the amount of money in a bank account. The higher the voltage, the more money is available.	voltage	Explain voltage using a business analogy.
In a business, specialization occurs when different employees are assigned to specific tasks. For example, one employee may be responsible for sales, another for accounting, and another for marketing. Communication in a business occurs when employees exchange information with one another in order to coordinate their activities. For example, the accounting employee may need to know what the sales employee is selling in order to generate accurate invoices.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using a business analogy.
Kirchoff's voltage law is similar to the law of supply and demand in business. Just as the law of supply and demand states that when there is more demand for a product than there is available supply, the price of the product will go up, Kirchoff's voltage law states that when there is more demand for electrical current than there is available supply, the voltage (or electrical pressure) will go up.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using a business analogy.
A density wave is a business analogy that can be used to describe the way that a market moves. A market can be thought of as a collection of buyers and sellers who are exchanging goods and services. When the market is in equilibrium, the buyers and sellers are evenly matched and the price of the goods is stable. When the market is in a state of disequilibrium, the buyers and sellers are not evenly matched and the price of the goods is unstable.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using a business analogy.
Enzymes are like the secretaries in a business. They are responsible for taking care of all the little tasks that need to be done in order for the business to run smoothly. Enzymes do this by helping to speed up chemical reactions in the body.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using a business analogy.
The human active memory system can be likened to a business with many departments. The departments are responsible for handling different aspects of the business. The active memory system is responsible for handling different aspects of memory. The departments in the active memory system are responsible for handling different aspects of memory. The departments in the active memory system are responsible for handling different aspects of memory.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using a business analogy.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step that is the slowest. In a business analogy, this would be like the step in the process that takes the longest.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using a business analogy.
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. It is similar to a sorting machine in a business. The machine separates the different items in the mail and delivers them to the correct department. Column chromatography separates the different compounds in a mixture and delivers them to the correct container.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using a business analogy.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is a state in which the concentrations of the reactants and products are constant. This analogy uses a business to explain the concept. In a business, the goal is to have a balance between the money coming in and the money going out. If the business takes in more money than it spends, it will have a surplus. If the business spends more money than it takes in, it will have a deficit. In the same way, the goal of a chemical reaction is to have a balance between the reactants and the products. If the reaction takes in more reactants than it produces products, it will have a surplus of reactants. If the reaction produces more products than it takes in reactants, it will have a surplus of products.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using a business analogy.
A vacuole is like a storage locker in a business. It is a place where you can store things until you need them.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using a business analogy.
A transport vesicle can be thought of as a small truck that transports goods from one part of a company to another. The truck picks up the goods from one location and delivers them to another location within the company.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using a business analogy.
Proto-oncogenes are like a business that is doing well and is making a lot of money. The business is growing and is doing well. However, if something happens to the business, it can turn into an oncogene.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using a business analogy.
Oncogenes are like a business that is doing very well and is growing rapidly. The oncogenes are providing the company with a lot of new customers and are making a lot of money. However, the oncogenes are also creating a lot of new competition and are putting the company at risk of being taken over by a larger company.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using a business analogy.
Tumor suppressor genes can be thought of as the quality control department of a business. They are responsible for making sure that cells grow and divide in a controlled manner, and that any mistakes that occur are corrected. If tumor suppressor genes are not working properly, cells can start to grow and divide out of control, leading to the development of cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using a business analogy.
A company that produces brittle software is like a company that produces cheap, disposable products. The products may be popular for a while, but they're not built to last. Eventually, customers will get tired of buying the same thing over and over again, and they'll find a company that produces products that are more reliable and durable.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using a business analogy.
A resonance hybrid is like a team of workers who can each do a specific job, but who can also work together to complete a task. The team has different members who can each do their own job, but they can also work together to complete the task.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using a business analogy.
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a business analogy as follows:The wave mechanical model can be thought of as a company that manufactures products. The products are then shipped to retailers who sell them to consumers. The company also has a sales force that sells products to retailers. The company also has a research and development department that creates new products.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using a business analogy.
The electroencephalogram (EEG) is a measure of the electrical activity of the brain. It can be thought of as a measure of the "brain waves" that are produced as the brain cells communicate with each other. Just as a business might use various measures to track the performance of its employees (e.g. number of sales, number of customer complaints, etc.), EEG can be used to track the electrical activity of the brain and see how it changes over time. This can be helpful in diagnosing and treating conditions that affect the brain.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using a business analogy.
DNA replication can be thought of as a business process. The DNA molecule is the original document, and the copies are the duplicates. The process of replication is carried out by enzymes, which are like the workers in a business. The DNA molecule is like the blueprint, and the enzymes are like the machines that carry out the replication process.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using a business analogy.
RNA transcription is a lot like a business. The DNA is the company, and the RNA is the employees. The DNA is the boss, and the RNA is the workers. The DNA is the one who tells the RNA what to do, and the RNA is the one who does it.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using a business analogy.
Protein translation is a bit like a business. The mRNA is the company's plan or blueprint, the ribosomes are the workers, and the proteins are the products. The mRNA is read by the ribosomes, who create the proteins according to the instructions in the mRNA.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using a business analogy.
An ecosystem can be thought of as a business in which the different parts are interconnected and work together to achieve a common goal. The different parts of the ecosystem include the producers (plants), the consumers (animals), and the decomposers (microorganisms). The producers create the food that the consumers eat, and the decomposers break down the dead plants and animals to release their nutrients back into the ecosystem.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using a business analogy.
The action potential is like an email that is sent from one person to another. The email is sent from the person's computer (the neuron's cell body) to their phone (the neuron's terminal). The email is then sent from the phone to the person's friend's computer (the neuron's cell body).	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using a business analogy.
The frog's breathing mechanism can be likened to a business that has a limited amount of funds (reserves) to operate its daily activities. The frog's lungs are like the business' checking account, which is used to pay for immediate expenses. The frog's liver is like the business' savings account, which is used to pay for larger expenses that are not immediately necessary.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using a business analogy.
A layered architecture is like a layer cake. The cake is made up of many thin layers of cake that are stacked on top of each other. The cake is held together by frosting, which is spread between the layers of cake. The frosting is also what you see on the outside of the cake.A layered architecture is made up of many thin layers of software that are stacked on top of each other. The layers are held together by a framework, which is a layer of software that sits on top of the other layers. The framework is also what you see on the outside of the software.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using a business analogy.
In a business, a limiting reactant is the resource that is in shortest supply. It is the reactant that limits the amount of product that can be made. An excess reactant is a reactant that is in excess, or is not in short supply.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using a business analogy.
A eukaryotic cell can be thought of as a business. The nucleus is the CEO, the mitochondria are the workers, and the cytoplasm is the office space. The cell membrane is the security guard, and the cell wall is the fence.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using a business analogy.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple and has a limited number of employees (proteins). It is also relatively self-sufficient, meaning it can produce most of the molecules it needs to survive.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using a business analogy.
The kernel is the heart of the operating system. It is responsible for managing the resources of the computer and providing basic services to the applications. It is analogous to the CEO of a company, who is responsible for the overall operation of the business and for providing basic services to the employees.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using a business analogy.
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource in a business. It is the component that is in shortest supply and limits the amount of product that can be made.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using a business analogy.
Helicase is a protein that helps DNA strands to unzip and separate so that the genetic information can be copied. It can be thought of as a business executive who is responsible for ensuring that the company's files are properly organized and accessible.	helicase	Explain helicase using a business analogy.
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the managers of a business. They are responsible for ensuring that the business runs smoothly and that all the necessary tasks are completed. In the case of DNA replication, the binding proteins are responsible for ensuring that the DNA is accurately copied.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using a business analogy.
Ligase is a business that helps two companies merge. Ligase is the middleman that helps make the merger happen.	ligase	Explain ligase using a business analogy.
A process control block can be thought of as a "supervisor" for a business process. It monitors the progress of the process and makes sure that it is proceeding as expected. If there are any problems, the process control block can take corrective action.	process control block	Explain process control block using a business analogy.
When you encode a message, you are putting it into a specific format so that it can be understood by the recipient. This is a bit like sending a package to someone. You need to make sure the address is clear so that the postman knows where to deliver it, and the recipient can understand the address so that they can find the package when it arrives.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using a business analogy.
Drugs and receptor sites interact in a way that can be compared to two businesses interacting. The drug is the business and the receptor site is the customer. When the drug is introduced to the customer, it tries to find the best way to interact with the customer in order to get what it wants. The customer's receptors are like the business's target market. The more the drug can interact with the customer's receptors, the more likely it is to get what it wants.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using a business analogy.
A monitor is like a supervisor in a business. They are responsible for overseeing the work that is being done and ensuring that it is done correctly. They also provide support and guidance to the workers.	monitor	Explain monitor using a business analogy.
The CPU is the "brains" of the computer. It processes all the instructions that the computer receives from the various input devices (keyboard, mouse, etc.), and it controls all the output devices (monitor, printer, etc.).	cpu	Explain cpu using a business analogy.
A motherboard can be thought of as the foundation of a business. Just as a motherboard provides the essential foundation for a computer, a business needs a strong foundation in order to be successful. This foundation includes things like a sound business plan, a good team of employees, and a strong marketing strategy.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using a business analogy.
Ram is a type of computer memory that is used to store data temporarily. It is similar to a desk drawer in that it can be opened and closed to store or access information.	ram	Explain ram using a business analogy.
A power supply unit can be thought of as a company's generator. It is responsible for providing power to the company's facilities. Just as a generator needs fuel to run, a power supply unit needs a power source to function. In most cases, this source is an electrical outlet.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using a business analogy.
The keyboard is like a secretary. It takes dictation from the user and types it into a document.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using a business analogy.
A mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is often used as a symbol of vulnerability or innocence. In business, a mouse can be used to describe a small or insignificant company or individual.	mouse	Explain mouse using a business analogy.
An audio card can be thought of as a secretary for a business. The card helps to manage and organize the audio files for the business. It also helps to keep track of who is working on what audio project and when it is due.	audio card	Explain audio card using a business analogy.
A video card can be thought of as a secretary in a business. The secretary is responsible for handling all of the paperwork and ensuring that everything is organized and filed correctly. In the same way, a video card is responsible for handling all of the graphics information and ensuring that everything is displayed correctly on the screen.	video card	Explain video card using a business analogy.
A tree's age calculation can be thought of as a business analogy in which the tree is the business and the years it has been in operation are the years the business has been in operation. Just as a business accumulates profits and losses over the years, a tree accumulates growth rings over the years. The thickness of each growth ring is an indication of the amount of growth that has occurred in that year. By counting the number of growth rings, the age of the tree can be determined.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using a business analogy.
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process can be thought of as the production line in a business. The glucose is the raw material that is being processed, and the pyruvate is the product that is being created.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using a business analogy.
When light shines on a material, some of the light is reflected off the surface and some of the light is absorbed by the material. If the material is illuminated from the side, some of the light that is reflected off the surface will be scattered in the direction of the light source. This type of scattering is called anti-stokes scattering.Anti-stokes scattering can be thought of as a business analogy. When a customer walks into a store, some of the customer's energy is reflected off the surface of the store and some of the customer's energy is absorbed by the store. If the customer is illuminated from the side, some of the light that is reflected off the surface will be scattered in the direction of the customer. This type of scattering is called anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using a business analogy.
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by small particles in a suspension. It is similar to the scattering of light by small objects in a room. The light scatters in all directions and the intensity of the light decreases with distance.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using a business analogy.
The median lethal dose is the dose of a toxin that kills 50% of the exposed population. This can be thought of as the "toxic dose" that a business would need to use to kill half of its customers.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using a business analogy.
The universe can be thought of as a business. The big bang was the company's creation event, and the expansion of the universe is the company's growth. The galaxies are the businesses within the company, and the stars are the employees. The planets are the products, and the moons are the factories. The asteroids and comets are the raw materials, and the gas and dust are the resources. The black holes are the company's competitors, and the dark matter is the company's secret sauce.	universe	Explain universe using a business analogy.
Enzyme mechanism can be explained using a business analogy as follows: Enzymes are like the workers in a business. They do the work that is needed to make the business run. The workers need the right tools and supplies to do their job. The same is true for enzymes. They need the right tools (substrates) and supplies (cofactors) to do their job. The workers also need to be in the right place to do their job. The same is true for enzymes. They need to be in the right place (the active site) to do their job.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using a business analogy.
An anova is a business analysis tool that is used to measure the performance of different divisions or business units within a company. It can be used to compare the performance of two divisions, or to measure the performance of a division against a benchmark. The anova helps to identify which divisions are performing the best, and which ones need improvement.	anova	Explain anova using a business analogy.
A thermostat is like a boss. It sets the temperature and everyone has to follow.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using a business analogy.
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that is in a stable state. The business is not growing or shrinking and it is making a profit. The business is not in a crisis and it is not in a boom.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using a business analogy.
A business analogy for just-in-time would be a grocery store that orders food from a distributor just before it is needed. This prevents the store from having to store large quantities of food that may go bad before it is used.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using a business analogy.
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a business that has learned how to respond to and adapt to the ever-changing environment of the marketplace. The business has a variety of strategies it can use to respond to new challenges, and it can also modify its strategies as it learns more about its competitors and the marketplace. In the same way, the immune system can respond to new challenges by activating different parts of the immune system, and it can also modify its response as it learns more about the invader.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using a business analogy.
In business, Ohm's law can be thought of as the "law of demand." Just as electrical current is inversely proportional to resistance, the quantity of a good or service demanded is inversely proportional to the price. In other words, as the price of a good or service goes up, the quantity demanded goes down, and vice versa.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using a business analogy.
Transcription is the process of taking spoken words and converting them into written text. This can be done manually, or through the use of technology. Transcription is often used in business to create meeting minutes, or to take notes during a phone call.	transcription	Explain transcription using a business analogy.
RNA polymerase can be thought of as a business executive. This executive is responsible for creating new products (molecules of RNA) and ensuring that the company's production line is running smoothly.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using a business analogy.
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They are responsible for making the proteins that the factory produces.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using a business analogy.
The activator protein is like the CEO of a company. It is responsible for getting things done and making sure the company is running smoothly.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using a business analogy.
Electricity is like money in the bank. It is a resource that can be used to do work. Just as a business can use money to buy things, it can use electricity to power machines.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using a business analogy.
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This can be explained using a business analogy. Nonpolar molecules are like independent business owners who are not interested in working with others. Aqueous environments are like cities with all of the different businesses. The nonpolar molecules are not interested in working with the other businesses in the city and instead prefer to stick together.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using a business analogy.
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a process of communication between different parts of a system. In a business, this might be the communication between the head office and different branches. The head office sends out instructions, and the different branches then carry out these instructions. In the same way, the instructions for carrying out a biological process are sent out by the cell's nucleus, and the different parts of the cell then carry out these instructions.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using a business analogy.
