Nadh is like the oil that keeps a car running smoothly. It is necessary for the engine to function properly. In the body, nadh is necessary for the production of energy.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to a business student.
Proteins are like the workers in a business. They do the important work of the company. They are responsible for building and repairing the products, and keeping the business running.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to a business student.
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe is written down and tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. The recipe is like the DNA code.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to a business student.
Glycogen is like a business's cash reserve. It is a stored form of energy that the business can use when it needs it.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to a business student.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the company's warehouse. The warehouse stores the company's inventory and the endoplasmic reticulum stores the company's proteins.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to a business student.
Golgi is like the post office for the cells in your body. It receives packages (proteins) from the ER and sorts them into different mailboxes (cellular compartments).	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to a business student.
The plasma membrane can be thought of as the company's front door. It is the first line of defense against outside invaders, such as bacteria and viruses. The membrane is also responsible for allowing nutrients and other important molecules into the cell and for getting rid of waste products.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to a business student.
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They recycle old or damaged materials so that the business can continue to function efficiently. Lysosomes also help to get rid of toxins that can harm the business.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to a business student.
Peroxisomes are like the "quality control" department of a business. They are responsible for making sure that the products that the business produces are of the highest quality. They do this by breaking down and removing harmful toxins from the products.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to a business student.
Mitochondria are the "powerhouses" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy for the cell. In the business world, mitochondria would be the workers who produce the energy (money) for the company.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to a business student.
A chloroplast is like a factory in a business. It produces the goods that the business needs to function. In the case of a chloroplast, it produces the goods that the plant needs to function.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to a business student.
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides the structure that the cells need to stay organized and function properly. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins that form a network of filaments inside the cell. These filaments can change shape to allow the cell to move and grow.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to a business student.
ATP is the currency of energy in the body. Just as a dollar can be used to buy a candy bar or a tank of gas, ATP can be used to buy energy for the body. When you eat a candy bar, your body uses the sugar in the bar to make ATP. When you drive your car, your car uses the gasoline in the tank to make ATP.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to a business student.
NADPH is like the fuel that powers a car. It is used to create energy in the body.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to a business student.
Peroxysomes are like the " recycling bin" of the cell. They recycle damaged or old proteins, as well as break down fatty acids.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to a business student.
Mytochondria are the "business brains" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy (ATP) for the cell to use. Without mytochondria, the cell would not be able to function.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to a business student.
Electric forces are like the attraction between magnets. Just as two magnets will be attracted to each other, two electric charges will be attracted to each other.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to a business student.
The hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a company's office. The electron is located in a specific spot in the office, and it can only move around within a certain area. The size of this area depends on the electron's orbital.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a business student.
The first line of defense in the body is analogous to the front line of a business. This is the first line of defense against attack and is responsible for stopping any potential threats from entering the system. In the body, this is done through the use of the immune system, which is made up of white blood cells, antibodies, and other proteins that work to protect the body from infection and disease. In a business, this would be the employees who are responsible for screening visitors and customers, and stopping any potential threats from entering the business.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to a business student.
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They are the first responders to any kind of infection or injury. They go to the site of the infection or injury and clean it up. They also help to activate the immune system so that it can fight the infection or injury.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to a business student.
T-helper cells are like the human resources department of a business. They are responsible for recruiting new employees (T-cells) and helping them to become productive members of the company. They also help to keep the company's immune system functioning properly.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to a business student.
B-lymphocytes are like the human resources department of a business. They are responsible for recruiting new employees (antibodies) and training them to do their jobs. They also help to keep the business running smoothly by coordinating the activities of the other employees.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to a business student.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the secret service of the immune system. They are responsible for identifying and destroying cells that are infected or have been damaged.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a business student.
When bacteria invade a business, they can cause a lot of damage. They can spread quickly and can be difficult to get rid of. They can damage property, equipment, and products. They can also cause illness among employees. In order to protect a business from bacteria, it is important to have a good infection control plan in place. This includes using disinfectants, keeping the premises clean, and educating employees about how to prevent the spread of bacteria.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to a business student.
Action potential is like a flow of electricity through a wire. The electricity is like the action potential and the wire is like the neuron. The electricity starts at one end of the wire and flows through it until it reaches the other end.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to a business student.
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed on a strip of paper and the different components travel different distances, depending on their size and weight. The different components can then be identified by their color.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to a business student.
The main sequence lifetime of a star is the length of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. This is the most stable phase of a star's life, and it lasts for billions of years. After the hydrogen in the core is used up, the star will enter into a more unstable phase and eventually die.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a business student.
Nucleus is the CEO of a company. He is in charge of making all the important decisions for the company and he oversees all the operations. He is the most important person in the company and everything revolves around him.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to a business student.
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They are responsible for making the products (proteins) that the factory produces.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to a business student.
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like the post office for a business. It is responsible for receiving and sorting packages (or proteins) from different parts of the cell, and then delivering them to the correct destination.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to a business student.
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They recycle old or damaged materials so that the business can continue to function efficiently. Lysosomes also help to get rid of toxins that can harm the business.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to a business student.
The nuclear envelope is like the walls of a building. It surrounds and protects the nucleus, just as the walls of a building protect the people inside. The nuclear envelope is made of two thin membranes, called the nuclear membrane and the plasma membrane. The nuclear membrane is made of proteins and lipids, and the plasma membrane is made of proteins and carbohydrates.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to a business student.
A vacuole is like a storage locker in a business. It is a place where you can store things until you need them.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to a business student.
Cytoplasm is like the water in a fish tank. It surrounds and supports the fish. In the same way, cytoplasm surrounds and supports the cells' organelles.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to a business student.
Chromosomes are like the blueprints for a business. They contain the instructions for how the business should be run.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to a business student.
Cytosol can be thought of as the "blood" of a cell. It is a water-based solution that contains all of the cellular machinery needed to keep the cell alive. It also contains dissolved proteins and other molecules that allow the cell to carry out its functions.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to a business student.
A cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of resources and it needs to use those resources to survive and grow. The cell has a nucleus, which is like the owner of the business. The nucleus controls the resources of the cell and decides how to use them. The cell also has cytoplasm, which is like the employees of the business. The cytoplasm carries out the orders of the nucleus and helps the cell to grow and survive.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to a business student.
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold things like chemicals or proteins. Vesicles are made by the body and can be used to deliver things to different parts of the body.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to a business student.
A cell wall is like a company's firewall. It is a barrier that protects the company's internal systems from outside attacks. In the same way, a cell wall protects a cell's internal systems from outside attacks.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to a business student.
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as businesses are made up of smaller parts that work together, cells are made up of smaller parts that work together. Cells have a nucleus, which is like the CEO of the cell, and they have organelles, which are like the different departments in a business. Cells also have a membrane, which is like the company's fence.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to a business student.
The cell membrane can be thought of as a company's board of directors. The board of directors is responsible for making decisions that will affect the company as a whole. The cell membrane is responsible for making decisions that will affect the cell as a whole.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to a business student.
The Golgi body is a lot like the post office. It is responsible for receiving packages (the proteins that are made in the ribosomes) from all over the cell and sorting them into different mailboxes (the different organelles). It also packages up the proteins that are ready to be shipped out of the cell.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to a business student.
Capacitance is a measure of how much electrical charge a capacitor can store. It is measured in Farads. A capacitor is like a battery. It stores electrical energy until it is needed.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to a business student.
Electric current is like the flow of water in a river. Just as the water in a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage. Just as a river can be dammed to create a reservoir of water, a voltage can be created to store electricity. Just as a river can be used to power a mill, electric current can be used to power machines.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to a business student.
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spurt out water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow through a wire.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to a business student.
A business is like a cell. The cell has a specialized function, such as making energy or proteins. The cell also communicates with other cells to coordinate its activities. In the same way, a business has specialized functions, such as marketing or accounting. The business also communicates with other businesses to coordinate its activities.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to a business student.
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This means that the voltage at any point in a circuit is the sum of the voltages of the individual components in the circuit. This law is important for businesses because it helps them to understand how electricity flows through circuits and how to design circuits that are efficient and safe.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to a business student.
A density wave is a wave of increased or decreased density in a medium. In business, a density wave can be thought of as a wave of increased or decreased demand for a product or service. For example, if a company releases a new product, there may be a wave of increased demand for that product. If a company announces that it is closing, there may be a wave of decreased demand for that product.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to a business student.
Enzymes are like the workers in a factory. They are responsible for the production of the product. In the case of enzymes, the product is the chemical reaction that occurs in the body.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to a business student.
The human active memory system can be thought of as a computer's random access memory (RAM). Just as a computer's RAM stores the active data that is being used by the processor, the human active memory system stores the active information that is being used by the brain. The human active memory system is a limited resource, and like a computer's RAM, it needs to be regularly cleared out and refreshed in order to continue functioning effectively.	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to a business student.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. This step is responsible for the overall rate of a reaction. In a business setting, the rate-determining step is the step that affects how quickly a business can complete a task. For example, if a business is trying to increase its sales, the rate-determining step would be the step that affects how quickly it can produce and sell products.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a business student.
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and a solvent is passed through the column. The components of the mixture are separated based on their different rates of movement through the column. The component that moves the fastest is the first to exit the column, and the component that moves the slowest is the last to exit the column.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to a business student.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a business that is always in balance. The business makes money and spends money, but it always ends up with the same amount of money. The same is true for chemical equilibrium. The reactants and products always balance out, and the system is always in equilibrium.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a business student.
A vacuole is like a storage locker in a business. It is a place where you can store things until you need them.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to a business student.
A business student might understand transport vesicles if they were explained using the analogy of a bus. The bus transports people from one location to another. The people are the cargo and the bus is the vesicle. The bus has a specific route that it takes and it transports the people to their desired destination. The people can get on and off the bus at any stop along the route. The bus is able to transport a large number of people at one time.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to a business student.
Proto-oncogenes are like the business student's textbooks - they provide the basic knowledge that is needed to understand a particular topic. In the case of proto-oncogenes, this knowledge is essential for understanding how cancer develops. Just as textbooks can be used to learn about a variety of different subjects, proto-oncogenes can play a role in the development of many different types of cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to a business student.
Oncogenes are like the sales department of a company. They are responsible for increasing the company's sales and profits. They are the driving force behind the company's growth.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to a business student.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police of the body. They help to keep the cells in check and prevent them from becoming cancerous. When these genes are working properly, they help to keep the cells in balance. However, when they are mutated or damaged, they can no longer do their job, and the cells can become cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to a business student.
Brittle software is like a thin piece of glass that is easily broken. It doesn't take much force to cause it to shatter. In the same way, brittle software is easily damaged and doesn't take much to cause it to fail.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to a business student.
Resonance hybrid is a model that helps to explain the bonding in molecules. In a resonance hybrid, the electrons are distributed in such a way that the most stable electron configuration is achieved. This is done by combining the best of each of the individual electron configurations. In a business context, resonance hybrid could be used to explain how a company can be successful by combining the best of each individual department or division.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to a business student.
A wave mechanical model is similar to a business model in that it is a simplified representation of a more complex system. The wave mechanical model is used to help explain the behavior of waves, while the business model is used to help explain the behavior of businesses. Both models are useful in understanding how the system works and in predicting future behavior.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to a business student.
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test used to measure the electrical activity of the brain. This activity is measured by electrodes placed on the scalp. The EEG can be used to detect problems with the brain, such as a seizure, or to monitor the progress of a brain injury.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to a business student.
DNA replication can be thought of as a business process that produces a new product (DNA molecule) using the original product (DNA molecule) as a template. The business process involves a number of steps, including:1. Identifying the need for a new product.2. Determining the specifications for the new product.3. Producing the original product.4. Using the original product as a template to produce the new product.5. Inspecting the new product to ensure that it meets the specifications.6. Distributing the new product to the appropriate locations.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to a business student.
RNA transcription is similar to a business process where a worker takes an order from a customer and creates a product based on that order. The worker takes the customer's request and creates a product that meets the customer's needs.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to a business student.
Protein translation is the process by which a gene is converted into a protein. In business, this would be analogous to a company taking an idea and turning it into a product. The company would start by researching the idea and coming up with a plan for how to make it a reality. They would then create a prototype and test it to make sure it is viable. Once they have finalized the product, they would market it and sell it to customers.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to a business student.
An ecosystem is a community of different species of living organisms and their physical environment. The living organisms in an ecosystem interact with one another and with their physical environment to create a complex web of relationships.A business is like an ecosystem. It is a community of different species of living organisms (workers) and their physical environment (the office). The living organisms in a business interact with one another and with their physical environment to create a complex web of relationships. Just as in an ecosystem, the health of a business depends on the health of its individual members and on the health of the relationships between them.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to a business student.
When an action potential is generated by the initial stimulus, it travels down the neuron in a wave-like manner. This means that the action potential will move from the site of the initial stimulus and will then move down the neuron. This will continue until it reaches the end of the neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a business student.
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs extract oxygen from the air and the frog's blood carries the oxygen throughout its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a business student.
A business student might understand layered architecture if it is explained using an analogy with a cake. The cake is built in layers, with each layer adding something new. The first layer is the cake's crust. This is the foundation of the cake and is made of a sturdy material, such as flour, sugar, and eggs. The next layer is the cake's filling. This might be a sweet and creamy mixture, such as chocolate or vanilla. The top layer is the cake's frosting. This might be a sweet and fluffy mixture, such as whipped cream or buttercream.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to a business student.
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. An excess reactant is a reactant that is in excess and is not used up in the reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a business student.
A eukaryotic cell is like a business. The cell has a CEO (the nucleus), managers (the organelles), workers (the cells), and customers (the tissues and organs). The CEO is responsible for making sure the business is running smoothly and that the workers are doing their jobs. The managers are responsible for making sure the workers have what they need to do their jobs and that the customers are happy. The workers are responsible for doing the work of the business. And the customers are the people who benefit from the work of the business.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to a business student.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple and has a limited number of employees (proteins and RNA). It has a basic organizational structure and a limited range of products and services. It is relatively easy to start and operate, and it can grow and adapt to changing conditions.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to a business student.
The kernel is the heart of the operating system. It is responsible for managing the system's resources and providing basic services to the other parts of the system. The kernel is also responsible for security, ensuring that unauthorized users cannot access the system's resources.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to a business student.
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. In business, a limiting reactant would be a scarce resource that limits the amount of product that can be produced. For example, a company might have only a limited amount of money to invest in a new product, which would then limit the amount of product that could be produced.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to a business student.
Helicase is a protein that helps to unzip DNA so that it can be copied. It is like a business student who is able to quickly and efficiently unzip her backpack so that she can get to her textbooks and notes.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to a business student.
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the glue that holds the DNA replication process together. They are responsible for attaching the DNA replication machinery to the DNA molecule, and ensuring that the replication process proceeds smoothly. Without these proteins, the DNA replication process would be much less efficient, and could even fail altogether.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to a business student.
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is used in genetic engineering to create new DNA sequences. In business, ligase can be thought of as a connector. It helps to bring together different elements and create a new whole.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to a business student.
A process control block (PCB) is a small, lightweight metal or plastic block that is attached to a manufactured product to help ensure quality and consistency. The block is used as a reference point to help inspectors and quality control personnel quickly and easily identify any defects or inconsistencies in the product. The block is also used to track the product through the manufacturing process so that any issues can be identified and corrected.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to a business student.
Message encoding is the process of transforming readable text into a format that can be transmitted electronically. This format is often called a code, and it allows the text to be sent over a network without being corrupted. The code is designed to be interpreted by a specific type of software, which is known as a decoder. When the text arrives at its destination, the decoder will convert it back into readable text.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to a business student.
Drugs and receptor sites interact in a way that can be compared to two people shaking hands. The drug is like the person, and the receptor site is like the other person's hand. When the two people shake hands, they are able to interact with each other. In the same way, when the drug and receptor site interact, they are able to communicate with each other.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a business student.
A monitor is like a television for a business student. It is a device that displays information.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to a business student.
The CPU is the "brain" of the computer. It is responsible for executing the instructions that make the computer work.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to a business student.
A motherboard can be thought of as the foundation of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the key components of a computer, such as the CPU, memory, and ports.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to a business student.
Ram is a type of computer memory that is used to store data temporarily. It is much faster than traditional hard drives, but it is also more expensive. Ram is often used to store the operating system and applications that are being used by the computer.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to a business student.
A power supply unit (PSU) is a component in a computer that supplies power to the other components. The PSU converts AC power from the wall to the DC power that the computer components require. A good PSU will provide clean, stable power to the computer, and will also be quiet.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to a business student.
A keyboard is a tool that helps a person input text into a computer.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to a business student.
Mouse is a computer input device that is used to control the movement of the cursor on the screen.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to a business student.
An audio card is like a microphone for a computer. It allows the computer to record sound and play back sound.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to a business student.
A video card is like a business student's brain. It is what processes all the information that the student is learning. The better the video card, the better the student's brain will function.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to a business student.
The tree's age calculation is like when a company calculates its depreciation. The company takes the cost of the asset and divides it by the number of years the asset is expected to be used. This gives the company an annual depreciation expense. The tree's age calculation is the same way. The tree's cost is divided by the number of years the tree is expected to live. This gives the tree an annual age calculation.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to a business student.
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and is used to produce energy for the cell.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to a business student.
When light shines on a certain material, the light waves will interact with the material and be scattered in all directions. Some of the light waves will be scattered in the opposite direction of the incoming light waves, which is called anti-stokes scattering. This phenomenon can be used to measure the optical properties of materials.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to a business student.
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by small particles in a gas or liquid. It is similar to the scattering of light by raindrops in the sky. The light is scattered in all directions and the intensity of the light decreases with distance.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to a business student.
The median lethal dose is the dose of a toxin that kills 50% of the test population. In other words, it is the dose that is lethal to half of the people who are exposed to it. This is a measure of the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to a business student.
The universe can be thought of as a business. It has a beginning, a middle, and an end. The beginning is when the universe is created, the middle is when it is in progress, and the end is when it is destroyed. The universe has a purpose, which is to sustain life. It has rules, which are the laws of physics. And it has a CEO, which is God.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to a business student.
Enzyme mechanism is like a business process. Enzymes are like the employees who carry out the process, and the substrate is like the customer who provides the input. The enzyme converts the input into the desired output, just like a business processes converts customer input into a product or service. The reaction conditions (e.g. temperature, pH, etc.) are like the business environment, and they need to be optimized in order to get the best results.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to a business student.
Anova is a statistical technique used to test the difference between the means of two or more groups. It is similar to the t-test, but can be used with more than two groups. The results of an anova test can be used to determine whether the means of the groups are statistically different from each other.	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to a business student.
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building by turning on or off the heating or cooling system. It does this by sensing the temperature and then sending a signal to the heating or cooling system to turn on or off.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to a business student.
Chemical equilibrium is a state in which the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. This means that the concentrations of the reactants and products do not change over time. In business, equilibrium is reached when the demand for a product is equal to the supply. This means that the price of the product does not change and the number of products sold is constant.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to a business student.
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's efficiency by reducing the amount of inventory that it holds. The idea is that instead of stocking up on supplies and materials, a company will only order what it needs as it needs it. This reduces the amount of money that a company spends on inventory, and it also means that the company is less likely to run out of supplies.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to a business student.
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a business that has to constantly adapt to changing conditions in order to survive. The business has to be able to change and grow with the times, while also maintaining the core values that define it. In the same way, the immune system has to be able to adapt to new pathogens, while also maintaining the ability to fight off old threats.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to a business student.
Ohm's law is a law that states that the current through a conductor is directly proportional to the voltage across the conductor. In other words, if the voltage is increased, the current will also increase. This law is important for businesses because it helps to understand how electricity flows through circuits and how to design circuits that will allow for the desired amount of current.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to a business student.
Transcription is the process of turning written words into an audio recording. This can be done for a book, article, or any other text. The transcriptionist will read the text aloud and record it. This can be used for a business student to listen to a lecture or to help with studying.	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to a business student.
RNA polymerase is a bit like a secretary in a business. The secretary takes notes of what the boss is saying, and then types up a report based on those notes. RNA polymerase does something similar. It reads the genetic code in DNA, and then creates a copy of that code in RNA.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to a business student.
Ribosomes are like the machines in a factory. They are responsible for making the proteins that the factory needs.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to a business student.
Activator protein is like the CEO of a company. It is responsible for initiating and regulating the transcription of DNA into RNA.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to a business student.
Electricity is like water in a pipe. The voltage is the water pressure, and the current is the amount of water flowing through the pipe. The resistance is like the size of the pipe. The bigger the pipe, the less resistance it has.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to a business student.
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. In other words, it is the tendency of water to avoid contact with nonpolar molecules. This is important in business because it is responsible for the solubility of lipids in water. Lipids are important for business because they are the building blocks of cell membranes and are necessary for the proper functioning of cells.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to a business student.
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as the process of converting a signal from one form to another. For example, when you speak on the phone, your voice is converted into an electrical signal that is sent through the phone line. The signal is then converted back into sound waves that you can hear on the other end of the line.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to a business student.
