Nadh is like a musician who plays the same note over and over again. The musician is providing a background for the other instruments in the orchestra. Nadh is also like a painter who uses the same color over and over again. The painter is providing a background for the other colors in the painting.	nadh	Explain nadh using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Proteins are like the bricks in a building. They are the foundation that everything else is built on.	proteins	Explain proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe is written down in a book, and it tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. The recipe is also written down in the cells of your body, and it tells your body how to make a cake.	dna	Explain dna using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A glycogen molecule is like a big, strong, bouncy ball. It is made up of lots of smaller balls, which are like the glucose molecules. The big ball is like the glycogen molecule, and the small balls are like the glucose molecules.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory inside the cell. It produces proteins and other important molecules.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The Golgi apparatus is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, sorts them, and sends them to the correct destination.	golgi	Explain golgi using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a sheet of cellophane stretched tightly over a bowl of soup. The soup is the cytoplasm, and the cellophane is the plasma membrane. The soup is in contact with the air above it, and the cellophane is in contact with the soup.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. Just as the stomach breaks down food to extract energy and nutrients, lysosomes break down cellular debris to extract energy and nutrients.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Peroxisomes are like the recycling plant in your town. They take all of the old, broken, and unusable materials and turn them into new materials that can be used again.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of the cell. Just as a power plant provides electricity for a city, mitochondria provide energy for the cell. They do this by breaking down food molecules into a form that the cell can use.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Chloroplasts are like the film in a camera. They capture light and turn it into energy that the plant can use.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to hold the cells together and provides a structure for the cell to grow and divide.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
ATP is like the gasoline that powers a car. It is used to create energy that is needed for the car to move.	atp	Explain atp using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
NADPH is like the fuel that powers a car. It helps the car run by providing energy.	nadph	Explain nadph using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Peroxysomes are like tiny recycling plants inside of cells. They take in old, damaged proteins and recycle them into new, healthy proteins.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Mytochondria are like the paintbrushes of the cell. They are responsible for creating energy in the cell by converting glucose into ATP.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Electric forces are like magnets. Magnets have two poles, a north pole and a south pole. If you have two magnets and you bring the north poles together, they will repel each other. If you bring the south poles together, they will attract each other. Electric forces work the same way. If you have two positively charged particles, they will repel each other. If you have two negatively charged particles, they will attract each other.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is like a planet orbiting around the sun. The electron is constantly moving around the nucleus in a circular path. Just like the planets in our solar system, the electron's orbit can be described by its distance from the nucleus and its speed.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The body's first line of defense is like a castle's wall. The wall is the first thing that people see and it is meant to keep people out. The wall is strong and it is meant to protect the people inside the castle.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Macrophages are like the body's garbage collectors. They eat up the junk in the body and help to clean it up.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A t-helper cell is like a conductor in an orchestra. They help orchestrate the activity of other cells in the immune system to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
B-lymphocytes are like the security guards of the immune system. They are responsible for identifying and destroying any cells that are not supposed to be in the body. They do this by recognizing specific proteins on the surface of the cells.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes can be thought of as a group of "superheroes" who protect the body from infection and disease. They are able to identify and destroy cells that are infected or damaged, which helps to keep the body healthy.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
One way to think of the invasion of bacteria is as an invasion of an enemy army. Just as an army would use weapons and tactics to try to take over a city or country, bacteria use their own weapons and tactics to take over the body. The bacteria use things like enzymes to break down the cells in the body and toxins to poison the cells. They can also use things like adhesins to attach themselves to the cells and virulence factors to make the cells more vulnerable to infection.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Action potential is like a crowd of people at a football game. The people are all standing in one place, and then someone starts to push from the back of the crowd. The people at the back of the crowd start to push forward, and the people at the front of the crowd start to move back. This keeps happening until the people at the front of the crowd are at the back of the crowd, and the people at the back of the crowd are at the front.	action potential	Explain action potential using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Chromatography is like a giant coloring book. The colors are all mixed together in a big pot, and when you start to color a picture, you dip your brush into the pot and get a little of every color on your brush. But as you start to color, the colors start to spread out. The red dye goes to the edge of the brush, the blue dye goes to the middle, and the yellow dye goes to the other edge. So as you color, the picture starts to look like it has different colors in different places. Chromatography does the same thing with molecules. The different molecules spread out in different directions, and you can see where they are on the paper.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Stars are like people. The hotter they are, the shorter their life is. The coolest stars can live for trillions of years, while the hottest stars only last for a few million years.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Nucleus is like the director of a play. He or she oversees everything that goes on and makes sure that everything runs smoothly.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Ribosomes are like the construction workers of the cell. They build the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as a kind of post office for the cell. It receives packages of proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum, sorts them, and sends them off to their destinations.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Lysosomes are like the stomachs of cells. Just as the stomach breaks down food to extract energy and nutrients, lysosomes break down cellular debris to extract energy and nutrients.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The nuclear envelope can be thought of as a kind of envelope or wrapper that surrounds the nucleus of a cell. It is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane, that enclose the nucleus and its contents. The nuclear envelope serves as a barrier between the nucleus and the rest of the cell, and helps to protect the nucleus from damage.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A vacuole is like a balloon. It is a small, round, and thin object that can be filled with air or other gases.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "soup" of the cell. It is a thick, viscous fluid that contains all of the cell's organelles and genetic material. The cytoplasm can be thought of as a kind of "cellular soup" that contains all of the cell's organelles and genetic material.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Chromosomes are like pieces of thread that are wrapped around spools. The thread is like the DNA, and the spools are like the chromosomes.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The cytosol can be thought of as the "blood" of the cell. It is a fluid that surrounds the organelles and helps to transport nutrients and waste products. It can also be thought of as the cell's "internal environment."	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A cell is like a small room. It has a door that can be opened and closed, and it has a window that can be opened and closed. It has a bed, a desk, and a chair. It has a light that can be turned on and off. It has a sink and a toilet.	cell	Explain cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is filled with a liquid or gas and is surrounded by a thin membrane.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A cell wall is like a castle wall. It is strong and protects the people inside.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Cells are like the paint on a canvas. They are the building blocks of life and can be used to create any picture you can imagine.	cells	Explain cells using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The cell membrane is like a fence. It surrounds the cell and keeps things in or out.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The Golgi body is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from all over the cell, processes them, and sends them off to their destinations.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A capacitor is like a container of water. If you have a hose and you turn the water on, the water will flow out of the hose. If you put your finger over the end of the hose, the water will stop flowing. The water is like the electricity and the hose is like the wire. The more water in the container, the more pressure there is on your finger. The more electricity in the capacitor, the more pressure there is on your finger.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Electric current is like a river of electricity. Just as a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage. Just as a river can be dammed to create a reservoir, a voltage can be created to store electricity. Just as a river can be used to power mills and factories, electric current can be used to power electronic devices.	electric current	Explain electric current using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spurt out water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow.	voltage	Explain voltage using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A cell is like a small city. The cell has a mayor, who is in charge of the cell. The mayor is responsible for making sure that the cell functions properly. The mayor is assisted by other city officials, who are responsible for different aspects of the cell's functioning. The officials communicate with each other to make sure that the cell runs smoothly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Kirchoff's voltage law is like a traffic law. Just as drivers must obey the traffic law to avoid accidents, electrical current must obey the voltage law to avoid creating a dangerous situation.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. As the people walk through the crowd, they push the people in front of them and create a wave of people that moves through the crowd. The people in the back of the wave are pushed forward, and the people in the front of the wave are pulled back.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help to speed up chemical reactions in the body. They are like tiny robots that help to make things happen quickly.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The human active memory system can be thought of as an office space. The space is divided into different areas for different purposes. The space can be rearranged to accommodate different tasks. The space can be expanded or contracted as needed. The space can be used for short-term or long-term purposes.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step that determines how fast the reaction will happen. This is like when you are watching a movie and the slowest part is the part that determines how long the movie will be.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Column chromatography is like a giant slide for molecules. The molecules are like kids on the slide. The solvent is like the water in the pool at the bottom of the slide. The column is like the slide itself. The molecules move down the column as the solvent moves up.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a dance. The dancers (molecules) are constantly moving around and changing partners (reacting). But at the end of the dance, they all end up back where they started (in equilibrium).	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A vacuole is like a balloon. It is a small, round, and empty space in a cell.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A transport vesicle is like a bus. The vesicle transports proteins and other materials from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Proto-oncogenes are like the blueprints for a house. They contain the information necessary to make a protein that can cause cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Oncogenes are like pieces of a puzzle. They are like a key that can turn on the cancer process.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing out of control.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Brittle software is like a vase that is easily broken. It doesn't take much force to cause it to shatter into pieces.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Resonance hybrid is a bit like a choir. A choir is made up of lots of different voices, but when they sing together, they create a beautiful sound. In the same way, the different electron configurations in a molecule can create a beautiful, harmonic sound when they resonate together.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A wave mechanical model can be thought of as a group of people standing in a line, each person holding the hand of the person in front of them. As the first person in the line moves, they pull on the hands of the people behind them, causing them to move as well.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
An electroencephalogram is a bit like a map of the brain. Just like you can see different parts of a city on a map, you can see different parts of the brain on an EEG.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a copy of a masterpiece. The artist takes a blank canvas and starts with a sketch of the original masterpiece. They then use this sketch as a guide to create an exact copy of the original.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
RNA transcription is a bit like writing a play. The playwright has a story in their head, and they start writing it down, scene by scene. As they write, they might make changes to the story, or add new scenes. The same thing happens during RNA transcription - the genetic information in the DNA is turned into RNA, and it can change as it goes along.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Protein translation is a bit like a play. The playwright is the one who comes up with the story, and the actors are the ones who perform it. The playwright's job is to write down the words that the actors will say, and the actors' job is to say them. The same thing happens with protein translation. The genetic code is like the playwright's words, and the ribosomes are like the actors. They take the genetic code and turn it into a protein.	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
An ecosystem can be thought of as a theatrical production. The production has a director (the ecosystem's governing body), a cast of actors (species of plants and animals), a stage (the environment), and a script (the ecosystem's physical and chemical conditions). The director oversees the production, casting the actors, and setting the stage. The actors interact with one another and with their environment to create the play. The script sets the conditions under which the play is performed.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be likened to the propagation of a wave down a length of string. Just as a wave can travel down a string by displacing the particles of the string in a periodic manner, an action potential can travel down a neuron by displacing the particles of the neuron in a periodic manner.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Breathing in frogs is a little bit like sucking through a straw. The frog's mouth and throat are flexible, so when it opens its mouth, the air is drawn in. The frog's lungs are behind its ribcage, and as the air is drawn in, the lungs expand. When the frog closes its mouth, the air is forced out of its lungs and it exhales.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A layered architecture is like a cake. The cake is made up of many layers, and each layer is made up of many smaller parts. The cake is held together by a frosting or icing, which is also made up of many layers.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A limiting reactant is like a scarce resource, like a limited amount of paint. If you have a lot of white paint and a little bit of blue paint, you can make a lot of light blue paint, but if you only have a little bit of white paint, you can't make very much light blue paint no matter how much blue paint you add. An excess reactant is like having a lot of white paint and no blue paint - you can't make light blue paint, but you can still use the white paint to make other colors.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. The cell has a nucleus (the city hall), mitochondria (the power plants), and other organelles (the different neighborhoods). The cell also has proteins (the police) and RNA (the city planners).	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, independent town. The town has all the basic needs, such as a grocery store, post office, and schools. The townspeople are responsible for their own needs, such as getting food, mail, and education.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The kernel of an operating system can be thought of as the brain of the computer. It is responsible for managing all of the resources of the computer and ensuring that everything runs smoothly. Just as the brain coordinates the activities of the body, the kernel coordinates the activities of the computer. It manages the memory, the processors, and the input and output devices. It also handles the communication between the different parts of the computer.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A musician has a certain number of notes they can play before their performance is over. The musician can play a certain number of high notes, a certain number of low notes, and a certain number of middle notes. If they try to play more high notes than they have, they will run out of notes and their performance will be over. The high notes are the limiting reactant.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Helicase is like a staircase. It helps things move up and down.	helicase	Explain helicase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the nails that hold the boards of a house together. The nails are essential for the stability of the house, and without them, the boards would eventually fall apart. In the same way, DNA replication binding proteins are essential for the stability of the DNA molecule, and without them, the DNA molecule would eventually fall apart.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Ligase is like a glue that helps to hold things together. It helps to bind two pieces of DNA together, similar to how glue can bind two pieces of paper together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A process control block can be thought of as an artist's palette. Just as an artist can mix different colors on their palette to create new hues, a process can use different control blocks to create new behaviors.	process control block	Explain process control block using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Message encoding is like translating a text from one language to another. You are taking the original message and changing it into a new form that can be understood by someone else.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
One could think of receptor sites as locks and drugs as keys. The drug is like a key in that it fits into the receptor site like a lock. When the drug is in the receptor site, it can change how the cell works.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A monitor is like a television. It is a device that displays images and videos.	monitor	Explain monitor using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The CPU is like an orchestra conductor. The conductor tells the musicians when to play and how to play their instruments. The CPU tells the different parts of the computer what to do and when to do it.	cpu	Explain cpu using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A motherboard can be thought of as the skeleton of a computer. It is a large, flat board that houses all of the essential components of a computer. Just as bones provide structure and support for the body, the motherboard provides structure and support for the computer. It holds all of the computer's essential parts in place and allows them to communicate with each other.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Ramming your car into another car is like loading data into your computer's random access memory. The RAM is like a parking lot where the data is stored temporarily. When you need the data, your computer can access it quickly from the RAM.	ram	Explain ram using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A power supply unit can be thought of as a large battery. It takes in power from an outlet and stores it until it is needed. This allows devices to run without having to be plugged in all the time.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A keyboard is like a piano. You can use the keyboard to play different notes by pressing different keys.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A mouse is like a tiny, furry cat that scurries around and climbs up things.	mouse	Explain mouse using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
An audio card is like a musician's sheet music. It is a tool that the musician uses to play their music.	audio card	Explain audio card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A video card is like a painter's canvas. The video card's memory is like the painter's canvas, and the video card's processor is like the painter's brush. The video card's processor can paint a picture on the memory, and the video card's memory can store the picture.	video card	Explain video card using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The tree's age calculation is like a clock. The tree has a certain number of years that it has been alive, and it is counting down. Every year, it ticks one more time.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Glycolysis is like a musician warming up before a performance. The musician warms up by playing scales and simple melodies. Glycolysis warms up the cell by breaking down glucose into energy.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Anti-stokes scattering is a bit like a person clapping their hands. The sound of the clapping is created by the air molecules being pushed away from the hands. The molecules then quickly return to their original position. This creates a sound wave that travels through the air.Anti-stokes scattering is a bit like this, but instead of sound waves, it creates light waves. The light is pushed away from the object and then quickly returns to its original position. This creates a light wave that travels through the air.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Stokes scattering is a bit like when you throw a stone into a pond and the ripples spread out. The light is like the stone and the atoms in the material are like the water. When the light hits the atoms, it scatters in all directions.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that is lethal to 50% of the population. It can be thought of as the dose of a drug that would kill half of the people who took it.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
The universe is like a painting. It is a vast and complex creation that is full of beauty and mystery. There are billions of stars and planets, and each one is unique. The universe is a never-ending source of inspiration and wonder.	universe	Explain universe using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Enzyme mechanism is like a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock and the substrate is the key. The substrate fits into the enzyme like a key fits into a lock. The enzyme and the substrate are then able to react with each other.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
An anova is like a group of painters who are all trying to paint a picture of the same scene. The anova is looking at how well each painter did in painting the scene.	anova	Explain anova using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. The conductor sets the pace and the orchestra follows. The thermostat sets the temperature and the furnace or air conditioner follows.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Chemical equilibrium is like a dance. The dancers (molecules) are constantly moving around and changing partners (reacting). But at the end of the dance, they all end up back where they started, in the same place.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Just-in-time is like having a personal assistant who helps you get everything done just in time for your deadline.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer is constantly watching the door, and when someone tries to come in who is not on the list, the bouncer stops them. The bouncer is adaptive because he is constantly learning who is allowed into the club and who is not.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Ohm's law is like a traffic light. The amount of traffic (current) is like the cars, and the light is like the ohm. The light tells the cars when to stop and when to go.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Transcription is like taking a picture of a painting. You are still looking at the painting, but you are also capturing a picture of it to keep. Transcription is like copying a picture of a painting. You are still looking at the painting, but you are also making a copy of it to keep.	transcription	Explain transcription using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
RNA polymerase is like a movie projector. It takes the individual frames of the movie (the DNA) and projects them onto the screen (the RNA).	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Ribosomes are like the construction workers of the cell. They build the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
An activator protein is like a key that unlocks a door. The activator protein binds to a specific site on the DNA molecule and then helps to open up the door so that the gene can be expressed.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Electricity is like water in a hose. The water pressure (voltage) is like the water pressure in the hose. The amount of water flowing through the hose (amperage) is like the amount of electricity flowing through the circuit. The length of the hose (length of wire) is like the length of the wire in the circuit.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Water molecules are attracted to each other by hydrogen bonds. This attraction creates a strong force that pulls the molecules close together. This force is called the hydrophobic effect. The hydrophobic effect is the force that causes water to form droplets and beads on hydrophobic surfaces.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a telephone line. The telephone line carries an electrical signal from the telephone to the person on the other end. The electrical signal is converted into sound waves that the person can hear. Biological signal transduction is similar. The signal is carried from the cell to the target molecule. The signal is converted into a chemical signal that the target molecule can understand.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an analogy. The analogy should be suitable for an arts student.
