Nadh is like the oxygen in the air. It is necessary for life and is found in all living things.	nadh	Using a social science analogy, explain nadh.
Proteins are like the bricks and mortar of the body. They are the building blocks of life. Proteins are made up of amino acids, and they are responsible for everything from muscle growth to hormone production.	proteins	Using a social science analogy, explain proteins.
DNA is like a recipe for a cake. It is a set of instructions that tells the body how to create a particular protein.	dna	Using a social science analogy, explain dna.
Glycogen is a storage molecule for glucose in the body. It is made up of chains of glucose molecules and is stored in the liver and muscles. Glycogen is used to provide energy for the body, especially during exercise.	glycogen	Using a social science analogy, explain glycogen.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the postal service in a city. It is a system of tubes and sacs that carry messages (in the form of proteins) between the cells' nucleus and the rest of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a social science analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.
Golgi is the brain of the cell. It is responsible for receiving and processing information from the cell's surface and transmitting it to the nucleus.	golgi	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi.
The plasma membrane is like a border patrol. It is responsible for letting some things in and keeping other things out. The things that are allowed in and out are determined by what is needed or not needed by the cell. The plasma membrane is also responsible for cell communication.	plasma membrane	Using a social science analogy, explain plasma membrane.
Lysosomes are like the garbage collectors of the cell. They break down old or damaged proteins and other cellular components into their component parts. This allows the cell to recycle these materials and use them to build new proteins and other cellular components.	lysosome	Using a social science analogy, explain lysosome.
Peroxisomes are like the cells of the social sciences. They are small and numerous, and they play a major role in the functioning of the larger entity. In the case of peroxisomes, they play a major role in the metabolism of the cell.	peroxisomes	Using a social science analogy, explain peroxisomes.
Mitochondria are like the cells' power plants. They take in nutrients, break them down, and create energy that the cells can use.	mitochondria	Using a social science analogy, explain mitochondria.
A chloroplast is a small organelle in a plant cell that is responsible for photosynthesis. It contains the green pigment chlorophyll, which absorbs sunlight and uses it to convert carbon dioxide and water into glucose and oxygen.	chloroplast	Using a social science analogy, explain chloroplast.
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides the structure that the cells need to stay organized and function properly. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins that form a network inside the cell. This network helps to control the shape and movement of the cell.	cytoskeleton	Using a social science analogy, explain cytoskeleton.
ATP is the currency of energy for all cells in the body. Just as money is needed to purchase goods and services, ATP is needed to power all cellular activity. ATP is produced by the mitochondria, and is used to fuel muscle contraction, nerve impulse transmission, and all other cellular processes.	atp	Using a social science analogy, explain atp.
NADPH is like the fuel that powers a car. It is necessary for the car to run, and it helps the car run more efficiently. NADPH is necessary for the cell to function, and it helps the cell function more efficiently.	nadph	Using a social science analogy, explain nadph.
Peroxysomes are like the cells of the social sciences. They are small, but they play an important role in the overall function of the cell. Peroxysomes are responsible for breaking down fatty acids and proteins, and they also help to recycle damaged proteins.	peroxysome	Using a social science analogy, explain peroxysome.
Mytochondria are the cells in our body that produce energy. They are similar to the power plants that produce energy for our cities. Just as a city would not function without its power plants, our body would not function without its mytochondria.	mytochondria	Using a social science analogy, explain mytochondria.
Electric forces are like people in a room. The people are all pushing and pulling on each other, and the force between them is the result of all of the pushing and pulling.	electric forces	Using a social science analogy, explain electric forces.
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a social group. The electron is in a constant state of motion, and it is constantly interacting with the other electrons in its orbital. The electron's orbital is also constantly changing, as new electrons are added and old ones are removed.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a social science analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
The body's first line of defense is the skin. The skin is a barrier that protects the body from infection and other foreign objects. The skin also helps to regulate the body's temperature.	first line of defense in the body	Using a social science analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.
Macrophages are like the police force of the body. They patrol the body and look for things that don't belong there, like bacteria or viruses. Once they find something, they gobble it up and get rid of it.	macrophages	Using a social science analogy, explain macrophages.
T-helper cells are like the police officers of the immune system. They help to coordinate the activities of the other cells of the immune system, and they help to direct the immune system's response to specific threats.	t-helper cells	Using a social science analogy, explain t-helper cells.
B-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and look for signs of infection or disease. When they find something, they sound the alarm and call in the other parts of the immune system to help fight the infection.	b-lymphocytes	Using a social science analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and identify and destroy cells that are not supposed to be there.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a social science analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
Infection by bacteria is a bit like an invasion by an army. The bacteria use various strategies to overcome the body's defences and establish themselves in the tissues. Some bacteria produce toxins that damage cells or interfere with their function. Others attach themselves to cells and use them to multiply. Some bacteria can even evade the body's immune system.	invasion of bacterias	Using a social science analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.
Action potential is like a crowd of people walking through a door. The people are the ions and the door is the membrane. When enough people push at the door at the same time, it opens and they all walk through.	action potential	Using a social science analogy, explain action potential.
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed on a strip of paper and the different components are then separated by their different rates of travel.	experiment of chromatography	Using a social science analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.
Stars spend most of their lives on the main sequence. This is because they are using their nuclear fuel to generate heat and light. The main sequence is a long, stable phase where the star is using its hydrogen fuel to generate heat and light. Once the hydrogen fuel is used up, the star will move off of the main sequence and into a different phase of its life.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a social science analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
A nucleus is like the brain of a cell. It contains the genetic information that determines the characteristics of the cell. It also controls the activities of the cell.	nucleus	Using a social science analogy, explain nucleus.
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They are responsible for making all of the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	Using a social science analogy, explain ribosomes.
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that is found in the cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells. It is responsible for the processing and packaging of proteins that are to be exported from the cell. The proteins are first synthesized on the ribosomes and then they are transported to the Golgi apparatus, where they are modified and then packaged into vesicles. The vesicles are then transported to the cell membrane, where they are released into the extracellular environment.	golgi apparatus	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi apparatus.
Lysosomes are like the digestive system of a cell. They digest proteins, lipids, and other molecules.	lysosomes	Using a social science analogy, explain lysosomes.
The nuclear envelope is like the skin of a cell. It surrounds the nucleus and helps to protect it. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm of the cell, and the inner membrane is in contact with the nucleus. The nuclear envelope helps to control the movement of substances in and out of the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using a social science analogy, explain nuclear envelope.
A vacuole is a small, membrane-bound vesicle that is found in the cytoplasm of all eukaryotic cells. Its primary function is to store various substances, such as water, ions, proteins, and lipids.	vacuoles	Using a social science analogy, explain vacuoles.
Cytoplasm is the "fluid" inside a cell. It contains the cell's DNA, proteins, and other organelles.	cytoplasm	Using a social science analogy, explain cytoplasm.
A chromosome is like a book. It is a long, thin molecule that contains the genetic information that makes up a living thing.	chromosome	Using a social science analogy, explain chromosome.
Cytosol is the liquid within a cell that contains the cell's organelles and cytoplasm. It is a water-based solution that is made up of proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, and minerals. The cytosol helps to maintain the cell's structure and function, and it also transports nutrients and other essential materials to the cell's organelles.	cytosol	Using a social science analogy, explain cytosol.
A cell is like a small society. It has a leader (the nucleus), it has workers (the cytoplasm), it has a way to communicate (the cytoplasmic streaming), and it has a way to reproduce (mitosis).	cell	Using a social science analogy, explain cell.
A vesicle is a small sac-like structure that is found in many different places in the body. Vesicles are used to store different things, such as enzymes or hormones.	vesicles	Using a social science analogy, explain vesicles.
A cell wall is like a fence that surrounds a yard. It helps to keep things in and keep things out.	cell wall	Using a social science analogy, explain cell wall.
Cells are the basic unit of life. Just as a society is composed of individuals, a cell is composed of molecules. Cells are the smallest unit of life that can replicate independently.	cells	Using a social science analogy, explain cells.
A cell membrane is like a fence that surrounds the cell and controls what goes in and out. The cell membrane is made of a lipid bilayer, which is a thin layer of fat. The lipid bilayer is made of two layers of phospholipids, which are molecules that have a phosphate group and a lipid group. The phosphate group is attracted to water, while the lipid group is attracted to other lipids. This makes the lipid bilayer very flexible and able to change shape. The cell membrane is also studded with proteins, which can interact with the lipids and other proteins.	cell membrane	Using a social science analogy, explain cell membrane.
The Golgi body is a bit like the post office in your town. It is responsible for receiving packages (the proteins that are made by the ribosomes) from all over the cell and sorting them into different mailboxes (the different organelles). It also packages up the proteins that are ready to be shipped out of the cell.	golgi body	Using a social science analogy, explain golgi body.
A capacitor is a device that stores energy in an electric field. It has two metal plates separated by a dielectric material. When a voltage is applied, the electric field builds up between the plates. The capacitor can store a lot of energy in a small space.	capacitance	Using a social science analogy, explain capacitance.
Electric current is like a river of electricity. It flows from the power plant to your house and powers your appliances.	electric current	Using a social science analogy, explain electric current.
Voltage is the measure of potential energy between two points in an electrical circuit. It is a measure of how much work can be done per unit of charge. Voltage is also known as electrical potential.	voltage	Using a social science analogy, explain voltage.
In a social science analogy, communication in a cell would be like people in a city communicating with each other. Specialization would be like people in different parts of the city having different jobs.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a social science analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.
Kirchhoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This law is important in electrical engineering because it allows engineers to calculate the voltage at any point in a circuit by tracing the path of the current.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a social science analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.
A density wave is a wave of increased density that moves through a medium. It is created when a disturbance causes the medium to compress on one side and expand on the other. The wave travels until the medium returns to its original state.	nature of a density wave	Using a social science analogy, explain nature of a density wave.
Enzymes are like the workers in a factory. They are responsible for the chemical reactions that occur in the body. Enzymes are produced by the body and are found in all body tissues.	enzymes	Using a social science analogy, explain enzymes.
The human active memory system can be thought of as a library. The library has many shelves, and each shelf has many books. The books on the shelves are the active memory system. The active memory system is always changing. New books are added to the shelves, and old books are removed from the shelves. The books on the shelves are the active memory system.	human active memory system	Using a social science analogy, explain human active memory system.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. The rate of the reaction is determined by the rate of the slowest step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a social science analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and a solvent is passed through the column. The components of the mixture are separated based on their different rates of movement through the column.	column chromatography	Using a social science analogy, explain column chromatography.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a group of people who are all talking to each other. The people are in equilibrium because they are all talking and listening to each other. If one person stops talking, the equilibrium is disrupted and the group will start to talk to each other more.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a social science analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A vacuole is like a social scientist's laboratory. It is a place where they can study the effects of different variables on a cell.	vacuole	Using a social science analogy, explain vacuole.
A transport vesicle is a small sac that helps transport proteins and other materials within a cell. The sac is formed when the cell membrane pinches in on itself, creating a small bubble. The proteins and other materials are then enclosed in the bubble and transported to their destination.	transport vesicles	Using a social science analogy, explain transport vesicles.
Proto-oncogenes are like the early warning signs of cancer. They are genes that can become cancerous if they are mutated, but they don't always lead to cancer. Like the early warning signs of a storm, proto-oncogenes can be a sign that something is wrong, but they don't always mean that a storm is coming.	proto-oncogenes	Using a social science analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.
Oncogenes are like the "bad seeds" of cancer. They are genes that have the potential to cause cancer. Normally, oncogenes are kept under control by tumor suppressor genes. However, if something happens to disrupt the balance between these two types of genes, oncogenes can start to cause cancer.	oncogenes	Using a social science analogy, explain oncogenes.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the police of the body. They help to keep cells from growing and dividing too quickly or in an uncontrolled way. This can help to prevent tumors from forming.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a social science analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.
Brittle software is software that is not very flexible and breaks easily. It is not very tolerant of changes and does not handle errors well.	brittle software	Using a social science analogy, explain brittle software.
A resonance hybrid is a molecule formed from two or more atoms that are held together by covalent bonds. The atoms share one or more pairs of electrons, and the resulting molecule is more stable than the individual atoms. In a resonance hybrid, the electrons are shared in such a way that the molecule has more than one possible Lewis structure.	resonance hybrid	Using a social science analogy, explain resonance hybrid.
A wave mechanical model is similar to a social network in that it is a way to represent the relationships between objects. In a wave mechanical model, the objects are atoms and the relationships are the forces between them. The wave mechanical model can be used to predict the behavior of the atoms in a system.	wave mechanical model	Using a social science analogy, explain wave mechanical model.
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. It is used to help diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures.	electroencephalogram	Using a social science analogy, explain electroencephalogram.
DNA replication is similar to the process of photocopying a document. The DNA molecule is like the document, and the enzymes that duplicate the DNA are like the photocopier. The DNA is split in two, and each half is copied. The new DNA molecules are identical to the original DNA molecule.	dna replication	Using a social science analogy, explain dna replication.
RNA transcription is similar to the process of writing a paper. The DNA is the original document, and the RNA is the copy that is created. The RNA is similar to the final copy of the paper, while the DNA is like the original document.	rna transcription	Using a social science analogy, explain rna transcription.
Protein translation is the process by which a gene is converted into a protein. The gene is first transcribed into RNA, and then the RNA is translated into protein.	protein translation	Using a social science analogy, explain protein translation.
An ecosystem is a community of different species of living organisms and their physical environment.	ecosystem	Using a social science analogy, explain ecosystem.
A neuron is like a telephone line. When you pick up the phone and dial a number, the phone at the other end rings. This is because the electrical current in your phone line is causing the electrical current in the phone at the other end to ring. This is analogous to an action potential traveling down a neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a social science analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs extract oxygen from the air and the frog's blood carries the oxygen to the rest of its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a social science analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
A social science analogy for layered architecture would be to think of a pyramid. The base of the pyramid is the broadest and most stable layer. The layers above the base get narrower and narrower as they reach the top. The top of the pyramid is the most unstable and vulnerable layer. This analogy can be used to explain the concept of layered architecture. The base of the pyramid is the most stable layer and is responsible for the majority of the work. The layers above the base are responsible for less work and are less stable. The top of the pyramid is the most unstable layer and is only responsible for a small amount of the work.	layered architecture	Using a social science analogy, explain layered architecture.
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is completely consumed in a chemical reaction, while the excess reactant is the reactant that is not consumed.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a social science analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. It has many different parts that work together to keep the cell alive. The nucleus is like the city hall. It contains the cells DNA. The mitochondria are like the power plants. They produce the cells energy. The ribosomes are like the factories. They produce the cells proteins. The cytoskeleton is like the roads and bridges. It helps the cell move around. The cell membrane is like the city walls. It protects the cell from outside invaders.	eukaryotic cell	Using a social science analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. It has a mayor (the nucleus), a police force (the ribosomes), and a fire department (the enzymes). It also has a sewage system (the cytoplasm) and a water system (the cell membrane).	prokaryotic cell	Using a social science analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.
The kernel is the most important part of an operating system. It is the part of the system that controls the allocation and use of resources, and it mediates all communication between the user applications and the hardware.	operating systems kernel	Using a social science analogy, explain operating systems kernel.
A limiting reactant is a reactant in a chemical reaction that is in short supply. The reaction will stop when the limiting reactant is used up.	limiting reactant	Using a social science analogy, explain limiting reactant.
Helicase is a protein that helps to unzip DNA so that it can be copied. It is like a zipper on a coat.	helicase	Using a social science analogy, explain helicase.
Replication binding proteins are like the social science equivalent of a bouncer at a nightclub. They are responsible for ensuring that only authorized individuals are able to replicate DNA. They do this by binding to specific sequences on the DNA molecule and preventing other proteins from attaching. This ensures that the genetic information is accurately copied from one generation to the next.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a social science analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is responsible for repairing broken DNA strands and for creating new DNA strands during replication. Ligase is also responsible for joining chromosomes together during cell division.	ligase	Using a social science analogy, explain ligase.
A process control block (PCB) is a small, lightweight metal or plastic component that is used to mount and support integrated circuits (ICs) and other electronic components. A PCB also provides electrical connections between the ICs and other components.	process control block	Using a social science analogy, explain process control block.
Message encoding is the process of transforming the meaning of a message into a format that can be transmitted. This may involve translating the message into a code or cipher that can be read by the intended recipient. It may also involve compressing the message so that it can be transmitted more quickly or using a different medium such as sound or light.	message encoding	Using a social science analogy, explain message encoding.
Just as different social science theories seek to explain different aspects of human behavior, different drugs interact with different receptor sites in the brain to produce different effects. Some drugs, like cocaine, stimulate the receptor site, while others, like heroin, block the receptor site. Still others, like marijuana, interact with the receptor site in a more complex way, producing a range of effects.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a social science analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
A monitor is like a scientist who observes and records the behavior of the animals in a lab. The scientist monitors the animals to see how they interact with each other and their environment. In the same way, a monitor observes and records the behavior of users on a website or online platform.	monitor	Using a social science analogy, explain monitor.
CPU stands for Central Processing Unit. It is the "brain" of the computer. It is responsible for performing all the calculations and tasks that the computer is asked to do.	cpu	Using a social science analogy, explain cpu.
A motherboard is like the skeleton of a human. It is the main support system that everything else is attached to. The motherboard is responsible for providing power to the other components, and for communicating with them.	motherboard	Using a social science analogy, explain motherboard.
Ram is a social science analogy for a process of forcing two populations to merge. In the analogy, ram is the process of forcibly mating two sheep populations together to create a new, hybrid population.	ram	Using a social science analogy, explain ram.
A power supply unit (PSU) is a component of a computer system that supplies power to the system's internal components. The PSU converts AC power from the wall outlet into the DC power that the computer system requires.	power supply unit	Using a social science analogy, explain power supply unit.
A keyboard is like a survey questionnaire. It is a tool that helps people communicate with each other.	keyboard	Using a social science analogy, explain keyboard.
Mouse is a software program that allows users to control their computer's cursor with a handheld device, such as a mouse, trackball, or joystick.	mouse	Using a social science analogy, explain mouse.
An audio card is like a scientist who is conducting an experiment. The audio card is sending a signal to the speakers, and the speakers are sending the signal back to the audio card. This process is repeated over and over again, and it creates the sound that we hear.	audio card	Using a social science analogy, explain audio card.
A video card is like a scientist's lab. It is where all the data processing and graphics rendering takes place. The video card has its own processor and memory, which helps it to handle the intense workloads of graphics-intensive games and applications.	video card	Using a social science analogy, explain video card.
The tree's age calculation is like a social scientist counting the number of people in a room. The social scientist would first count the number of people in the room and then divide that number by the number of years the average person lives to get the approximate age of the room's population. The tree's age calculation is similar in that it first counts the number of rings in the tree and then divides that number by the number of years the average tree lives to get the approximate age of the tree.	tree's age calculation	Using a social science analogy, explain tree's age calculation.
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using a social science analogy, explain glycolysis.
Anti-stokes scattering is the process of a photon being scattered in the opposite direction of the incident photon. This occurs when the energy of the scattered photon is greater than the energy of the incident photon.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a social science analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light or other electromagnetic radiation by small particles in a gas or liquid. The scattering is caused by the collisions of the photons or particles with the atoms or molecules of the gas or liquid. The photons or particles are scattered in all directions and the intensity of the scattered light is reduced.	stokes scattering	Using a social science analogy, explain stokes scattering.
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill 50% of the population that is exposed to it.	median lethal dose	Using a social science analogy, explain median lethal dose.
The universe can be thought of as a large social network. It has billions of stars and planets, each with their own set of relationships. The universe is constantly evolving, with new stars and planets forming while others die out. Just like in a social network, some planets and stars are more important than others, and some relationships are stronger than others.	universe	Using a social science analogy, explain universe.
Enzyme mechanism is like a social science analogy in the way that it is a process that is constantly happening and is difficult to see the exact steps that are involved. Just as with social science, there are many factors that contribute to the overall outcome of enzyme activity. The main factors that contribute to enzyme activity are the substrate, the enzyme, and the environment. The substrate is the molecule that the enzyme acts on, and the enzyme is the molecule that does the work. The environment is everything else in the reaction that can affect the outcome, such as the temperature and the pH.	enzyme mechanism	Using a social science analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.
Anova is a statistical technique used to compare the means of two or more groups. It stands for "analysis of variance."	anova	Using a social science analogy, explain anova.
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on or off the heating or cooling system as needed.	thermostat	Using a social science analogy, explain thermostat.
Chemical equilibrium is like a balance in a social science analogy. In equilibrium, the forward and reverse reactions occur at the same rate, so the net change in the concentration of the reactants and products is zero. This analogy can be used to help understand the concept of equilibrium.	chemical equilibrium	Using a social science analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's efficiency by reducing the amount of inventory it holds. The idea is that instead of having a large stockpile of goods that may or may not sell, a company should only produce or order what it needs as it needs it. This reduces the amount of money spent on storage and eliminates the need to dispose of unused inventory.	just-in-time	Using a social science analogy, explain just-in-time.
Adaptive immunity is like a bouncer at a nightclub. It is always on the lookout for intruders (foreign molecules) and, when it finds them, it quickly gets rid of them. This is done by creating antibodies (special proteins) that specifically recognize and bind to the intruder. Once bound, the antibody marks the intruder for destruction by other parts of the immune system.	adaptive immunity	Using a social science analogy, explain adaptive immunity.
Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference between those points. In other words, the greater the voltage difference between two points, the greater the current that will flow between them.	ohm's law	Using a social science analogy, explain ohm's law.
Transcription is the process of converting the genetic code of a gene into a protein. The genetic code is made up of a sequence of codons, which are the building blocks of DNA. Each codon is made up of three nucleotides, and each nucleotide is represented by a letter. The sequence of codons in a gene is converted into a sequence of amino acids, which are the building blocks of proteins.	transcription	Using a social science analogy, explain transcription.
RNA polymerase is a bit like a social scientist. It reads the instructions in a gene (like a set of instructions for a recipe) and builds a new molecule of RNA (like a cake).	rna polymerase	Using a social science analogy, explain rna polymerase.
Ribosomes are like the factories of the cell. They are responsible for making all of the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosome	Using a social science analogy, explain ribosome.
Activator protein is a protein that helps to activate other proteins. It is responsible for starting the process that leads to gene expression.	activator protein	Using a social science analogy, explain activator protein.
A circuit is like a social network. It is a collection of nodes (or people) and the connections between them. The nodes can be anything from a light bulb to a computer. The connections can be wires or they can be electronic signals. When you turn on the light bulb, it is the node that is activated. The electricity flows through the wires to the light bulb and then back to the power source.	electric circuit	Using a social science analogy, explain electric circuit.
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in aqueous solutions. This is because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with one another than with the nonpolar molecules. The nonpolar molecules are repelled by the water and tend to aggregate together.	hydrophobic effect	Using a social science analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.
Biological signal transduction is the process by which a signal from one cell is transmitted to another cell. The signal is transmitted by a molecule called a hormone. The hormone binds to a receptor on the surface of the cell. This causes a change in the activity of the receptor, which in turn causes a change in the activity of the cell.	biological signal transduction	Using a social science analogy, explain biological signal transduction.
