Nadh is like the paintbrush an artist uses to create a masterpiece. It is the essential tool that allows the artist to express their creativity. Without it, the artist would be limited to using their hands to create a work of art.	nadh	Using an analogy, explain nadh to an arts student.
Proteins are like the paint on a canvas. They are the building blocks of life and are responsible for many of the functions within cells. Just as a painter can use different colors and techniques to create a masterpiece, proteins can be combined in many ways to create different structures and functions.	proteins	Using an analogy, explain proteins to an arts student.
DNA is like the blueprint for a house. It contains all of the information needed to build a house. The blueprint is read by construction workers who use it to build the house. DNA is read by cells who use it to build the body.	dna	Using an analogy, explain dna to an arts student.
Glycogen is a type of carbohydrate that is stored in the liver and muscles. It is used to provide energy for the body.	glycogen	Using an analogy, explain glycogen to an arts student.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the backstage of a theater. It's where all the behind-the-scenes work happens - like getting the props and costumes ready. The endoplasmic reticulum is also responsible for making sure the theater runs smoothly - like making sure the lights are on and the curtains are open.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using an analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum to an arts student.
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that is found in the cytoplasm of eukaryotic cells. It is responsible for the processing and packaging of proteins that are secreted from the cell. The proteins that are secreted from the cell are first synthesized on the ribosomes of the endoplasmic reticulum. They are then transported to the Golgi apparatus, where they are modified and packaged into vesicles. The vesicles are then transported to the cell membrane, where they are released into the extracellular environment.	golgi	Using an analogy, explain golgi to an arts student.
The plasma membrane is like a canvas. The proteins are like the paint. The DNA is like the artist. The cells are like the paintings.	plasma membrane	Using an analogy, explain plasma membrane to an arts student.
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins of the cell. They break down old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids into their component parts so that the cell can reuse them.	lysosome	Using an analogy, explain lysosome to an arts student.
Peroxisomes are like the "garbage cans" of the cell. They are small, round organelles that process and get rid of cellular waste.	peroxisomes	Using an analogy, explain peroxisomes to an arts student.
Mitochondria are like the batteries in a car. They provide the energy that the car needs to run. In the same way, mitochondria provide the energy that cells need to run.	mitochondria	Using an analogy, explain mitochondria to an arts student.
Chloroplasts are like the artists' easels of the cell. Just as an artist needs an easel to hold up their canvas, chloroplasts hold up the cell's membrane while it performs photosynthesis.	chloroplast	Using an analogy, explain chloroplast to an arts student.
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It helps to hold the cells together and gives them their shape. The cytoskeleton is made up of proteins that form a network inside the cell.	cytoskeleton	Using an analogy, explain cytoskeleton to an arts student.
ATP is the energy currency of the cell. Just as money is needed to purchase goods and services, ATP is needed to power the cell's many activities. The cell produces ATP through the process of respiration, which breaks down glucose (sugar) into energy. The energy is used to run the cell's many activities, including the synthesis of new proteins, the movement of organelles, and the transport of molecules across the cell membrane.	atp	Using an analogy, explain atp to an arts student.
NADPH is like the paintbrush an artist uses to create a masterpiece. Just as the artist needs the paintbrush to apply the paint to the canvas, the cell needs NADPH to produce energy.	nadph	Using an analogy, explain nadph to an arts student.
Peroxysomes are like the "paint cans" of the cell. They are small organelles that contain enzymes that help break down fats and other molecules. This process is called "oxidation" and it is necessary for the cell to be able to use these molecules for energy and other important functions.	peroxysome	Using an analogy, explain peroxysome to an arts student.
Mytochondria are the cells in our body that create energy. They are similar to the cells in a battery, in that they create power that allows us to function. In the same way that a battery needs to be charged in order to work, our mytochondria need to be fueled in order to create energy. We can do this by eating foods that are high in energy, such as fruits and vegetables, or by taking supplements that help to boost our energy levels.	mytochondria	Using an analogy, explain mytochondria to an arts student.
Electric forces are like magnets. Magnets have two poles, a north pole and a south pole. If you have two magnets and you bring the north poles together, they will repel each other. If you bring the south poles together, they will attract each other. Electric forces work the same way. If you have two charges, a positive charge and a negative charge, they will repel each other. If you have a positive charge and a negative charge close to each other, the positive charge will be attracted to the negative charge.	electric forces	Using an analogy, explain electric forces to an arts student.
An orbital is like a planet's orbit around the sun. The electron's orbital is like the planet's path around the sun. The electron's orbital can be circular, elliptical, or random.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using an analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital to an arts student.
The first line of defense in the body is like a castle's wall. It is the first thing that is attacked and it is meant to keep the bad things out.	first line of defense in the body	Using an analogy, explain first line of defense in the body to an arts student.
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They are responsible for cleaning up debris and bacteria in the body. They are also responsible for activating the immune system to fight infection.	macrophages	Using an analogy, explain macrophages to an arts student.
T-helper cells are like the directors of a play. They help orchestrate the actions of other cells in the immune system to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Using an analogy, explain t-helper cells to an arts student.
B-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and look for signs of infection or disease. When they find something, they sound the alarm and call in the other parts of the immune system to help fight the infection or disease.	b-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain b-lymphocytes to an arts student.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like snipers. They are very precise and can kill specific cells without harming the rest of the body.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using an analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to an arts student.
When bacteria invade a person's body, they can cause an infection. The infection can be treated with antibiotics, but if the bacteria are resistant to antibiotics, the infection can be difficult to treat.	invasion of bacterias	Using an analogy, explain invasion of bacterias to an arts student.
Action potential is like a wave that travels down a rope. The wave is created when someone pulls on one end of the rope. The wave travels down the rope until it reaches the other end. The same thing happens with action potential. It starts at the nerve cell's terminal and travels down the axon until it reaches the cell body.	action potential	Using an analogy, explain action potential to an arts student.
Chromatography is like a giant coloring book. The artist starts with a white sheet of paper and adds color one drop at a time. The artist can see the colors mix and create new colors. Chromatography is the same way. The scientist starts with a white sheet of paper (the solvent) and adds color one drop at a time (the solute). The scientist can see the colors mix and create new colors.	experiment of chromatography	Using an analogy, explain experiment of chromatography to an arts student.
Stars spend most of their lives burning hydrogen in their cores. This process is called fusion. As a star uses up its hydrogen, it begins to use helium in its core. This process is called degeneracy. As a star uses up its helium, it begins to use carbon. This process is called nuclear burning. As a star uses up its carbon, it begins to use oxygen. This process is called photodisintegration. As a star uses up its oxygen, it begins to use silicon. This process is called silicon burning. As a star uses up its silicon, it begins to use iron. This process is called nuclear burning. As a star uses up its iron, it begins to use nickel. This process is called nickel burning. As a star uses up its nickel, it begins to use cobalt. This process is called cobalt burning. As a star uses up its cobalt, it begins to use copper. This process is called copper burning. As a star uses up its copper, it begins to use zinc. This process is called zinc burning. As a star uses up its zinc, it begins to use lead. This process is called lead burning. As a star uses up its lead, it begins to use thorium. This process is called thorium burning. As a star uses up its thorium, it begins to use uranium. This process is called uranium burning. As a star uses up its uranium, it begins to use plutonium. This process is called plutonium burning. As a star uses up its plutonium, it begins to use elements heavier than plutonium. This process is called supernova.A star's main-sequence lifetime is the length of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using an analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to an arts student.
Nucleus is the central and most important part of an atom. It is made up of protons and neutrons and is responsible for the atom's mass and chemical properties. The nucleus is surrounded by the electron cloud, which contains the atom's electrons.	nucleus	Using an analogy, explain nucleus to an arts student.
Ribosomes are like the printers of the cell. They take the instructions from the DNA and create proteins.	ribosomes	Using an analogy, explain ribosomes to an arts student.
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like a post office. It takes letters (proteins) from one part of the cell and sends them to another part. It also sorts the letters into different packages (called vesicles), depending on what they are for.	golgi apparatus	Using an analogy, explain golgi apparatus to an arts student.
Lysosomes are like the recycling bins in your house. They are small sacs in the cell that digest and recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. This helps keep the cell healthy and functioning properly.	lysosomes	Using an analogy, explain lysosomes to an arts student.
The nuclear envelope is like a protective sheath that surrounds the nucleus of a cell. It is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm of the cell, and the inner membrane is in contact with the nucleus. The nuclear envelope helps to protect the nucleus from damage and helps to control the movement of molecules in and out of the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using an analogy, explain nuclear envelope to an arts student.
A vacuole is like a large container in the cell that stores water and other materials.	vacuoles	Using an analogy, explain vacuoles to an arts student.
Cytoplasm is like the paint on a painter's canvas. It is the material that makes up the cells of an organism and provides the structure and function of the cell.	cytoplasm	Using an analogy, explain cytoplasm to an arts student.
Chromosomes are like the paint on a canvas. They are the foundation of genetic information.	chromosome	Using an analogy, explain chromosome to an arts student.
Cytosol is like the paint inside a paintbrush. It is the liquid that carries the paint and is responsible for the brush's color and texture.	cytosol	Using an analogy, explain cytosol to an arts student.
A cell is like a small room in a house. It is a place where someone can go to be alone, or to have a meeting.	cell	Using an analogy, explain cell to an arts student.
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is filled with a liquid or gas and has a thin membrane that surrounds it.	vesicles	Using an analogy, explain vesicles to an arts student.
A cell wall is like the frame of a house. It is the outermost layer and provides support.	cell wall	Using an analogy, explain cell wall to an arts student.
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as an artist might use different colors and shapes to create a painting, cells use different molecules to create life. Cells are like tiny factories, each with its own specialized job. Some cells are responsible for getting energy from food, while others are responsible for fighting infection.	cells	Using an analogy, explain cells to an arts student.
The cell membrane can be thought of as a canvas. The proteins and other molecules that make up the membrane are the paint. The cell's environment is the paintbrush.	cell membrane	Using an analogy, explain cell membrane to an arts student.
The Golgi body is a lot like the postal service. It takes all of the little packages (vesicles) that have been delivered to it from different parts of the cell and sorts them out, labeling each one with the address of its final destination. It then sends them on their way.	golgi body	Using an analogy, explain golgi body to an arts student.
Capacitance is the ability of an object to store an electric charge. It is measured in Farads. Just as an artist might use different colors and shades to create a painting, capacitors use different dielectrics to create different capacitance values.	capacitance	Using an analogy, explain capacitance to an arts student.
Electric current is like a river of electricity flowing through a wire. Just as a river can power a boat to travel downstream, electric current can power devices that use electricity.	electric current	Using an analogy, explain electric current to an arts student.
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spurt out water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow through a wire.	voltage	Using an analogy, explain voltage to an arts student.
A cell is like a small city. It has specialized parts that do different things, just like a city has different parts that do different things (e.g. a police department, a fire department, a hospital, a school, etc.). Cells also need to communicate with each other, just like cities need to communicate with each other. Cells use special chemicals called hormones to communicate with each other.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using an analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell to an arts student.
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This means that the voltage at any point in a circuit is the sum of the voltages of the individual components in the circuit. This law is important for understanding how circuits work and for troubleshooting problems in circuits.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using an analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law to an arts student.
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. The people are all moving at the same speed and in the same direction. The wave of people moves through the crowd and pushes the people in front of it to the side. The people behind the wave are also pushed to the side, but they are moving faster than the people in front of them. This creates a wave of people that moves through the crowd.	nature of a density wave	Using an analogy, explain nature of a density wave to an arts student.
Enzymes are like the paintbrush of the cell. They are responsible for all the chemical reactions that occur in the cell. Enzymes are made of proteins and they are very specific in what they do.	enzymes	Using an analogy, explain enzymes to an arts student.
The human active memory system can be thought of as an artist's palette. The artist has a range of colors to choose from and can mix them to create new colors. The artist can also choose to use a limited number of colors or to use just one color. In the same way, the human active memory system can use a range of colors (memories) or just one color (focus on the present).	human active memory system	Using an analogy, explain human active memory system to an arts student.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in a reaction. This step is responsible for the overall rate of a reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using an analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction to an arts student.
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and a solvent is passed through it. The components of the mixture are then separated based on their different solubilities in the solvent.	column chromatography	Using an analogy, explain column chromatography to an arts student.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like two people pushing a car. The car is at equilibrium when the two people are pushing equally hard. If one person pushes harder, the car will move. If the two people stop pushing, the car will stop.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to an arts student.
A vacuole is like a large container in a cell that stores water and other materials.	vacuole	Using an analogy, explain vacuole to an arts student.
A transport vesicle is like a small bus that transports molecules around the cell. The bus picks up passengers (molecules) at one stop and drops them off at another stop.	transport vesicles	Using an analogy, explain transport vesicles to an arts student.
Proto-oncogenes are like the blueprints for cancer. They are the genes that can turn into cancer-causing genes, but they don't always do so. Just as an architect's blueprint for a building can be used to create a real building, proto-oncogenes can be used to create cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain proto-oncogenes to an arts student.
Oncogenes are like pieces of a puzzle that, when put together, can cause cancer. They are genes that have the potential to cause cancer when they are mutated and turned on.	oncogenes	Using an analogy, explain oncogenes to an arts student.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in our body from growing out of control and becoming cancerous.	tumor suppressor genes	Using an analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes to an arts student.
Brittle software is like a ceramic vase. It is very fragile and can easily break if it is mishandled.	brittle software	Using an analogy, explain brittle software to an arts student.
Resonance hybrid is a term used in chemistry to describe the combined electron structure of atoms or molecules. In other words, it is the way that the electrons are distributed among the atoms in a molecule. To visualize this, you can think of a molecule as a bunch of balls connected by springs. The electrons are like the balls, and the springs represent the bonds between the atoms. When the electrons are distributed evenly among the atoms, the molecule is in resonance.	resonance hybrid	Using an analogy, explain resonance hybrid to an arts student.
The wave mechanical model is like a group of people standing in a line. The first person in the line is the wave and the people behind them are the particles. The wave is the energy that travels down the line and the particles are the people that make up the wave.	wave mechanical model	Using an analogy, explain wave mechanical model to an arts student.
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. This activity is recorded by electrodes that are placed on your head.	electroencephalogram	Using an analogy, explain electroencephalogram to an arts student.
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a duplicate of a masterpiece. The artist takes a blank canvas and starts with a sketch of the original masterpiece. They then use this sketch as a guide to create an exact duplicate of the original.	dna replication	Using an analogy, explain dna replication to an arts student.
RNA transcription is a bit like writing a play. The playwright has a story in their head, and they start writing it down. As they write, they make notes about what each character says and does. Once the play is finished, the playwright hands it off to the actors, who bring the characters to life. RNA transcription is a bit like that. The genetic material in the cell is like the playwright's story, and the RNA is like the notes about what each character says and does. The RNA is then used to create the proteins that make up the cell.	rna transcription	Using an analogy, explain rna transcription to an arts student.
Protein translation is a bit like a play. The protein is the script, the mRNA is the actor, and the tRNA is the director. The ribosomes are the theater. The mRNA is read one codon at a time, and each codon corresponds to a specific amino acid. The tRNA brings the correct amino acid to the ribosome, and the amino acids are assembled into a protein.	protein translation	Using an analogy, explain protein translation to an arts student.
An ecosystem can be thought of as a big, complicated painting. The painting has many different colors, shapes, and sizes of elements. The elements all work together to create a beautiful and complex picture. In the same way, the different parts of an ecosystem work together to create a complex and balanced system.	ecosystem	Using an analogy, explain ecosystem to an arts student.
When an action potential is generated by the initial stimulus, it travels down the neuron in a wave-like manner. This wave-like action potential is created by the movement of positively charged ions (such as potassium and sodium) into and out of the neuron. The action potential will continue to move down the neuron until it reaches the end, where it will then be transmitted to the next neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using an analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to an arts student.
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs extract oxygen from the air and the frog's blood carries the oxygen throughout its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using an analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs to an arts student.
A cake is a good analogy for layered architecture. The cake is built up in layers, with each layer adding flavor and texture. The same is true for a software system. The system is built up in layers, with each layer adding functionality and complexity. The bottom layer is the foundation, and it provides the basic functionality for the system. The next layer is the presentation layer, and it provides the user interface for the system. The next layer is the business layer, and it provides the business logic for the system. The next layer is the data access layer, and it provides the functionality for accessing and manipulating the data. The top layer is the application layer, and it provides the functionality for the system.	layered architecture	Using an analogy, explain layered architecture to an arts student.
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. An excess reactant is a reactant that is in excess and is not used up in the reaction.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to an arts student.
A eukaryotic cell is like an artist's studio. It is a place where new ideas are created and where the artist can work on their art. The cell has all of the tools that the artist needs to create their art. The cell has a nucleus, which is like the artist's studio. The nucleus is a place where new ideas are created. The cell also has a cytoplasm, which is like the artist's workshop. The cytoplasm is a place where the artist can work on their art.	eukaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain eukaryotic cell to an arts student.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small, independent artist studio. It is very small and simple, and it doesn't have many of the features of a larger, more complex artist studio.	prokaryotic cell	Using an analogy, explain prokaryotic cell to an arts student.
The kernel is the engine of a car. It is responsible for turning the fuel into motion. The operating system kernel is responsible for turning the instructions of the software into motion.	operating systems kernel	Using an analogy, explain operating systems kernel to an arts student.
A limiting reactant is the reactant in a chemical reaction that is in shortest supply. The reaction will stop when the limiting reactant is used up. In an art class, the limiting reactant would be the paint or other material that is in shortest supply. The students would stop painting when the limiting reactant is used up.	limiting reactant	Using an analogy, explain limiting reactant to an arts student.
Helicase is a protein that helps to unzip DNA so that it can be copied. It is a bit like a zipper, and it helps to separate the two strands of DNA.	helicase	Using an analogy, explain helicase to an arts student.
DNA replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold a picture frame to the wall. The DNA is like the picture, and the replication binding proteins are like the nails that hold the picture in place.	dna replication binding proteins	Using an analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins to an arts student.
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is like a glue that helps to hold the DNA together.	ligase	Using an analogy, explain ligase to an arts student.
Process control block is like a traffic light. It helps to regulate the flow of traffic and keep things moving smoothly. In the same way, process control block helps to regulate the flow of data and keep things moving smoothly.	process control block	Using an analogy, explain process control block to an arts student.
Message encoding is similar to translating a text from one language to another. The translator takes the original text and encodes it into a new format, which can be read by someone who doesn't understand the original language. In the same way, a message encoder takes a message and encodes it into a new format, which can be read by someone who doesn't understand the original message.	message encoding	Using an analogy, explain message encoding to an arts student.
Drugs and receptor sites interact in a way that can be compared to two people shaking hands. The drug is the person reaching out to shake hands, and the receptor site is the person who accepts the handshake. When the drug and receptor site interact, they both exchange information. In the case of drugs and receptor sites, the drug provides information to the receptor site about what it is and what it does. The receptor site then sends this information on to other parts of the body, which allows the drug to have its desired effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using an analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to an arts student.
A monitor is like a large television screen that is used to watch movies or television shows.	monitor	Using an analogy, explain monitor to an arts student.
The CPU is like the conductor of an orchestra. It coordinates the activities of the different parts of the computer.	cpu	Using an analogy, explain cpu to an arts student.
A motherboard can be thought of as the foundation or backbone of a computer. It is a circuit board that holds many of the key components of a computer, such as the central processing unit, memory, and input/output ports.	motherboard	Using an analogy, explain motherboard to an arts student.
Ram is an image editing software used by artists to create and edit digital images. It is a powerful tool that allows users to manipulate images in a variety of ways, including changing colors, adding effects, and cropping and resizing photos.	ram	Using an analogy, explain ram to an arts student.
A power supply unit is like a battery in a car. It is a device that provides power to other devices.	power supply unit	Using an analogy, explain power supply unit to an arts student.
A keyboard is like a piano, but with less keys. It is used to input text into a computer.	keyboard	Using an analogy, explain keyboard to an arts student.
Mouse is a small, rodent-like creature that is used as a pointing device on a computer.	mouse	Using an analogy, explain mouse to an arts student.
An audio card is like a musician's sheet music. It is a tool that helps the musician create and perform music.	audio card	Using an analogy, explain audio card to an arts student.
A video card is like a canvas for an artist. It is the surface that the artist uses to create their work. The video card determines the quality of the image that is displayed on the screen.	video card	Using an analogy, explain video card to an arts student.
The tree's age calculation is like counting the number of years that have passed since the tree was planted.	tree's age calculation	Using an analogy, explain tree's age calculation to an arts student.
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using an analogy, explain glycolysis to an arts student.
When light shines on a certain material, the light waves interact with the material, causing the light waves to scatter in all directions. This is called Raleigh scattering. If the material has a smooth surface, the light waves will scatter equally in all directions. If the material has a rough surface, the light waves will scatter more in the direction of the rough surface. This is called anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering to an arts student.
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by small particles in the atmosphere. The light is scattered in all directions, and the intensity of the scattered light decreases with the distance from the particle.	stokes scattering	Using an analogy, explain stokes scattering to an arts student.
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill half of the people who take it. It can be used to measure the toxicity of a substance.	median lethal dose	Using an analogy, explain median lethal dose to an arts student.
The universe can be thought of as a great work of art. Just as an artist creates a painting or sculpture, the universe creates everything in it. The universe is constantly changing, with new stars and planets forming while others die. Like a great artist, the universe has a unique and beautiful design.	universe	Using an analogy, explain universe to an arts student.
Enzyme mechanism is like a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock and the substrate is the key. The substrate fits into the enzyme like a key fits into a lock. The enzyme and the substrate are then able to react and the enzyme can change the substrate.	enzyme mechanism	Using an analogy, explain enzyme mechanism to an arts student.
Anova is a statistical technique used to compare the means of two or more groups. It stands for "analysis of variance."	anova	Using an analogy, explain anova to an arts student.
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building by turning on or off the heating or cooling system.	thermostat	Using an analogy, explain thermostat to an arts student.
Chemical equilibrium is like a balance scale. On one side of the scale, there are molecules of reactants. On the other side of the scale, there are molecules of products. The molecules of reactants and products are always in balance.	chemical equilibrium	Using an analogy, explain chemical equilibrium to an arts student.
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's efficiency by reducing the time between when a product is ordered and when it is received. This is done by having a just-in-time inventory, which is a limited stock of goods that are only ordered when they are needed.	just-in-time	Using an analogy, explain just-in-time to an arts student.
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an immune system that is constantly learning and evolving. It is able to remember past infections and respond more effectively to future infections. This is in contrast to innate immunity, which is more general and does not remember past infections.	adaptive immunity	Using an analogy, explain adaptive immunity to an arts student.
Ohm's law is a law that states that the current through a conductor is directly proportional to the potential difference across the conductor. In other words, the higher the voltage, the more current will flow. This law is named after German physicist Georg Simon Ohm.	ohm's law	Using an analogy, explain ohm's law to an arts student.
Transcription is the process of copying a text from one form to another. In the context of biology, transcription is the process of copying a gene's sequence of DNA into a molecule of messenger RNA (mRNA).	transcription	Using an analogy, explain transcription to an arts student.
RNA polymerase is a bit like a movie director. It takes the individual scenes (nucleotides) that make up the movie (RNA) and puts them together in the right order.	rna polymerase	Using an analogy, explain rna polymerase to an arts student.
Ribosomes are like the printers of the cell. They take the instructions from the DNA and create proteins.	ribosome	Using an analogy, explain ribosome to an arts student.
Activator protein is like a conductor of an orchestra. It helps to initiate and regulate the transcription of DNA into RNA.	activator protein	Using an analogy, explain activator protein to an arts student.
An electric circuit is like a water circuit. Just as water flows through a series of interconnected pipes, electricity flows through a series of interconnected wires. The water pressure in the pipes is analogous to the voltage in the wires, and the amount of water that flows through the pipes is analogous to the amount of current that flows through the wires.	electric circuit	Using an analogy, explain electric circuit to an arts student.
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This is because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with one another than with the nonpolar molecules. The nonpolar molecules are repelled by the water and tend to aggregate together to minimize their interaction with the water.	hydrophobic effect	Using an analogy, explain hydrophobic effect to an arts student.
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as a process of communication between different parts of a cell. This communication is mediated by proteins called receptors, which are embedded in the cell membrane. When a molecule binds to a receptor, it triggers a change in the receptor that in turn activates a series of biochemical reactions inside the cell. This chain of reactions ultimately leads to the cell's response, for example, the release of a hormone.	biological signal transduction	Using an analogy, explain biological signal transduction to an arts student.
