Nadh is like a battery. It is a molecule that helps store energy in cells.	nadh	What is a good analogy to explain nadh to a social science student?
A protein is like a construction worker. It helps build and maintain the body's cells.	proteins	What is a good analogy to explain proteins to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain DNA to a social science student is to think of it as a recipe. The recipe is for a cake, and it tells you what ingredients to use, how much of each, and in what order to put them in the bowl. The recipe is like the DNA code, and the ingredients are like the genes.	dna	What is a good analogy to explain dna to a social science student?
A glycogen molecule is like a small train car. It has a lot of small compartments inside of it, and each compartment can hold a lot of glucose molecules. When the train car is empty, it is small and easy to move around. But when it is full of glucose molecules, it is big and heavy, and it takes a lot of energy to move it.	glycogen	What is a good analogy to explain glycogen to a social science student?
Endoplasmic reticulum is like a factory in the cell. It produces proteins that are used in the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	What is a good analogy to explain endoplasmic reticulum to a social science student?
A golgi apparatus is like a post office. It is a place where packages (or proteins) are sorted and sent to their correct destinations.	golgi	What is a good analogy to explain golgi to a social science student?
A plasma membrane can be thought of as a border or boundary. It is the outermost layer of a cell that separates the cell from its environment. It is like a border between two countries. The plasma membrane controls what enters and leaves the cell, just like a border controls the movement of people and goods between two countries.	plasma membrane	What is a good analogy to explain plasma membrane to a social science student?
A lysosome is like a recycling center for a cell. It breaks down old or damaged proteins and recycles them into new proteins.	lysosome	What is a good analogy to explain lysosome to a social science student?
Peroxisomes are like the recycling centers of the cell. They take in old, damaged proteins and recycle them into new, usable proteins.	peroxisomes	What is a good analogy to explain peroxisomes to a social science student?
Mitochondria are like the batteries in a car. They provide the energy that the car needs to run.	mitochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mitochondria to a social science student?
A chloroplast is like a small city. It has a lot of different parts that all work together to keep the city running. The chloroplast has a factory where it makes food for the city, a hospital where it takes care of sick citizens, and a library where it stores information.	chloroplast	What is a good analogy to explain chloroplast to a social science student?
A cytoskeleton is like a scaffold that helps to hold a cell together. It is made up of proteins that help to keep the cell's shape and also helps to move things around inside the cell.	cytoskeleton	What is a good analogy to explain cytoskeleton to a social science student?
Atp is like the gasoline that powers a car. It is what provides the energy for the car to move.	atp	What is a good analogy to explain atp to a social science student?
NADPH is like the oil in a car engine. It helps the engine run smoothly and efficiently.	nadph	What is a good analogy to explain nadph to a social science student?
A peroxysome is like a small factory inside a cell. It produces important chemicals that help the cell work properly.	peroxysome	What is a good analogy to explain peroxysome to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain mytochondria to a social science student would be to compare it to the engine of a car. The mytochondria are responsible for producing the energy that the cells need to function. Just as a car needs a working engine to run, the cells need a working mytochondria to function.	mytochondria	What is a good analogy to explain mytochondria to a social science student?
Electric forces are like magnets. Just as magnets have a north and south pole, electric charges have a positive and negative pole. Like magnets, electric charges are attracted to each other.	electric forces	What is a good analogy to explain electric forces to a social science student?
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a group of people who live in the same neighborhood. The people in this neighborhood are all friends and know each other well. They hang out together and do things together. They are all very close.	hydrogen electron's orbital	What is a good analogy to explain hydrogen electron's orbital to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain the first line of defense in the body to a social science student is to think of the body as a fortress. The first line of defense is the wall around the fortress, which is meant to keep out intruders. If someone does manage to get past the wall, the next line of defense is the gate, which is meant to keep them out of the fortress. If someone does manage to get past the gate, the next line of defense is the guards, who are meant to keep them out of the fortress. Finally, if someone does manage to get past the guards, they will reach the inner sanctum, where the king or queen resides.	first line of defense in the body	What is a good analogy to explain first line of defense in the body to a social science student?
A macrophage is like a bouncer at a nightclub. They are responsible for determining who is allowed into the club and who is not. Macrophages are also responsible for getting rid of any unwanted guests that may have entered the club.	macrophages	What is a good analogy to explain macrophages to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a social science student would be to compare them to the police force. The police force is responsible for maintaining law and order in society, and they work closely with the public to do so. In the same way, t-helper cells work closely with other cells in the immune system to maintain the body's health.	t-helper cells	What is a good analogy to explain t-helper cells to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student would be to compare them to police officers. Just as police officers are responsible for maintaining law and order in society, b-lymphocytes are responsible for maintaining the body's immune system by fighting off infection.	b-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain b-lymphocytes to a social science student?
A cytotoxic t-lymphocyte can be thought of as a "cop" on the immune system "beat." The cop's job is to patrol the body and arrest any "criminals" (viruses, bacteria, etc.) that are causing harm.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	What is a good analogy to explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student is to imagine that bacteria are like people. Just as people can invade and take over a territory, bacteria can do the same. In fact, bacteria can even be more successful at invading than people, because they can reproduce very quickly.	invasion of bacterias	What is a good analogy to explain invasion of bacterias to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain action potential to a social science student is to think of it as a crowd of people at a football game. The people are all standing in the stands, and then someone yells "charge!" and the people all start running down the stairs. The action potential is like the yell that starts the running.	action potential	What is a good analogy to explain action potential to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain the experiment of chromatography to a social science student would be to say that it is like a fingerprint. Just as each person has a unique fingerprint, each compound has a unique chromatographic fingerprint.	experiment of chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain experiment of chromatography to a social science student?
A star's main-sequence lifetime is like the average human lifespan. The star's brightness will slowly decline as it uses up its fuel, but it will eventually die out in a similar way to humans.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	What is a good analogy to explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars to a social science student?
A nucleus is like a country's capital city. It is the center of activity and the place where most of the important decisions are made.	nucleus	What is a good analogy to explain nucleus to a social science student?
Ribosomes are like the machines that produce the products in a factory. The products are made up of smaller parts that are put together to create something new. In the factory, the machines put together the smaller parts to create the products. Ribosomes do the same thing with the proteins that are made up of smaller parts.	ribosomes	What is a good analogy to explain ribosomes to a social science student?
A golgi apparatus is like a post office. It receives packages (vesicles) from different parts of the cell, processes them, and sends them to their final destination.	golgi apparatus	What is a good analogy to explain golgi apparatus to a social science student?
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of the cell. They recycle old or damaged proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids into new, usable molecules.	lysosomes	What is a good analogy to explain lysosomes to a social science student?
A nuclear envelope can be thought of as a boundary that separates the nucleus of a cell from the rest of the cell. This boundary is important because it helps to control what enters and leaves the nucleus. Just like a real envelope helps to control the contents of a letter, the nuclear envelope helps to control what enters and leaves the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	What is a good analogy to explain nuclear envelope to a social science student?
A vacuole is like a container that can hold different types of liquids or solids.	vacuoles	What is a good analogy to explain vacuoles to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a social science student would be to compare it to traffic. Just as cars need to move smoothly through traffic in order to get where they are going, cells need to move smoothly through the cytoplasm in order to carry out their functions.	cytoplasm	What is a good analogy to explain cytoplasm to a social science student?
A chromosome is like a book. It has a lot of information in it that is important for the development and functioning of the organism.	chromosome	What is a good analogy to explain chromosome to a social science student?
A cytosol is like a city. It is a large, crowded area where many things are happening at once. The cytosol is filled with proteins, DNA, and other molecules that are all working together to keep the cell alive.	cytosol	What is a good analogy to explain cytosol to a social science student?
A cell is like a small city. It has a mayor (the nucleus), police officers (the proteins), workers (the enzymes), and citizens (the DNA).	cell	What is a good analogy to explain cell to a social science student?
A vesicle is like a small container that can hold a small amount of liquid.	vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain vesicles to a social science student?
A cell wall can be thought of as a city wall. The cell wall is a barrier that protects the cell and its contents. The city wall is a barrier that protects the city and its inhabitants.	cell wall	What is a good analogy to explain cell wall to a social science student?
Cells are like the bricks in a wall. The wall is made up of many bricks, and each brick is made up of many cells.	cells	What is a good analogy to explain cells to a social science student?
A cell membrane is like a border fence between two countries. It is made up of materials that allow some things to pass through (like water and oxygen) and keep other things out (like bacteria and toxins).	cell membrane	What is a good analogy to explain cell membrane to a social science student?
A golgi body is like a post office. It is a small, enclosed structure where packages (or proteins) are sorted and sent to their correct destinations.	golgi body	What is a good analogy to explain golgi body to a social science student?
A capacitor is a bit like a water tank. It can store a certain amount of energy, like water in a tank. When you connect a wire to the capacitor, you are like a tap, and you can let the energy out.	capacitance	What is a good analogy to explain capacitance to a social science student?
Electric current is like a river of electricity flowing through a wire. Just as a river can carry boats and other objects downstream, electric current can power devices and appliances.	electric current	What is a good analogy to explain electric current to a social science student?
A voltage is like a water pressure. Just as water pressure can cause a faucet to spurt out water, voltage can cause an electric current to flow.	voltage	What is a good analogy to explain voltage to a social science student?
A cell is like a small city. The cell has a mayor, who is in charge of the cell. The mayor is responsible for the communication and coordination between the different parts of the cell. The mayor is also responsible for the specialization of the different parts of the cell.	specialization and communication in a cell	What is a good analogy to explain specialization and communication in a cell to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain Kirchhoff's voltage law to a social science student is to imagine a group of people in a room. The people are all connected to each other by wires, and each person has a battery attached to them. The voltage of each battery is different, and the voltage of each wire is different. Kirchhoff's voltage law states that the voltage in the room is the same at every point.	kirchoff's voltage law	What is a good analogy to explain kirchoff's voltage law to a social science student?
A density wave is like a group of people walking through a crowd. The people in the front of the group are moving quickly, while the people in the back are moving more slowly. The people in the back are also being pushed forward by the people in the front.	nature of a density wave	What is a good analogy to explain nature of a density wave to a social science student?
Enzymes are like tiny machines that help chemical reactions happen in the body. They are like tiny robots that help us digest food and turn it into energy.	enzymes	What is a good analogy to explain enzymes to a social science student?
A human active memory system can be best explained as an office space. The office space has many drawers, shelves, and cabinets that store different items. The office space is also equipped with a computer, desk, and chair. The computer is used to access the information that is stored in the drawers, shelves, and cabinets. The desk is used to write down information and the chair is used to sit in while the person is working.	human active memory system	What is a good analogy to explain human active memory system to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student is the speed of a car. The rate-determining step is the step that determines how fast the entire reaction will happen. Just like a car can only go as fast as its slowest part, a reaction can only go as fast as its rate-determining step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	What is a good analogy to explain rate-determining step of a reaction to a social science student?
Column chromatography is like a funnel. The solvent starts at the top of the column and the sample is added at the bottom. The solvent travels through the column and the sample is separated based on its size and weight. The smaller and lighter molecules travel faster and move higher up the column. The larger and heavier molecules travel slower and move lower down the column.	column chromatography	What is a good analogy to explain column chromatography to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student is the example of a crowded room. In a crowded room, people are constantly moving around, and yet the room remains in equilibrium. The people in the room are like the molecules in a chemical system, constantly moving and interacting with one another.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain dynamic chemical equilibrium to a social science student?
A vacuole is like a container that can hold different types of liquids or solids.	vacuole	What is a good analogy to explain vacuole to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a social science student is to think of them as tiny mail trucks. The vesicles carry cargo (such as proteins) from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	What is a good analogy to explain transport vesicles to a social science student?
A proto-oncogene is like a regular gene, except that it has the potential to become an oncogene. Just as a regular gene can make a protein, a proto-oncogene can make a cancer-causing protein.	proto-oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain proto-oncogenes to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain oncogenes to a social science student would be to compare them to viruses. Just as viruses can cause diseases in people, oncogenes can cause cancer.	oncogenes	What is a good analogy to explain oncogenes to a social science student?
A tumor suppressor gene is like a security guard at a bank. The security guard is always watching the bank and is ready to take action if anything happens. If a robber tries to rob the bank, the security guard will stop them. Tumor suppressor genes are always watching for cancer cells and will stop them from growing.	tumor suppressor genes	What is a good analogy to explain tumor suppressor genes to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain brittle software to a social science student is to compare it to a house of cards. Just like a house of cards, if one piece of software is not working correctly, the entire system can collapse.	brittle software	What is a good analogy to explain brittle software to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a social science student is to think of it as a mixed marriage. In a mixed marriage, each person brings different things to the relationship. The same is true for resonance hybrid. In a resonance hybrid, each atom brings different things to the relationship.	resonance hybrid	What is a good analogy to explain resonance hybrid to a social science student?
A wave mechanical model can be best explained as a ripple effect. Just as a pebble dropped into a pond creates ripples that move outward, a disturbance (such as a sound wave) creates waves that move through a medium (such as air). The waves compress the air molecules together and then release them, creating a pattern of high and low pressure that travels through the medium.	wave mechanical model	What is a good analogy to explain wave mechanical model to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a social science student is to compare it to a fingerprint. Just as each person has a unique fingerprint, each person has a unique brainwave pattern. The electroencephalogram can be used to identify a person's brainwave pattern, just as a fingerprint can be used to identify a person.	electroencephalogram	What is a good analogy to explain electroencephalogram to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain DNA replication to a social science student is to think of DNA as a recipe. The recipe is written down on a piece of paper and it tells you what ingredients to use and how to put them together. When you make the recipe, you follow the instructions and you end up with a dish that is similar to the one that is written on the paper. DNA is like a recipe for a living organism. The instructions are written down in the DNA and they tell the cells how to put together the proteins that make up the organism.	dna replication	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain RNA transcription to a social science student is to think of it as a photocopier. Just as a photocopier copies an image from a piece of paper onto another piece of paper, RNA transcription copies genetic information from DNA onto RNA.	rna transcription	What is a good analogy to explain rna transcription to a social science student?
A protein translation analogy to explain to a social science student could be as follows: Protein translation is a bit like a recipe. The recipe is made up of a list of instructions that, when followed, will result in a particular dish. In the same way, the genetic code is a list of instructions that, when followed, will result in the production of a particular protein. Just as different cooks can follow the same recipe to create different dishes, different cells can follow the same genetic code to create different proteins.	protein translation	What is a good analogy to explain protein translation to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain ecosystem to a social science student is to think of it as a human body. The body has different parts that work together to keep the whole functioning. The ecosystem has different parts that work together to keep the whole functioning. The sun is the body's heart, providing energy to the different parts. The plants are the body's lungs, taking in carbon dioxide and giving off oxygen. The animals are the body's muscles, helping to move things around and keep the ecosystem in balance.	ecosystem	What is a good analogy to explain ecosystem to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student is the spreading of a rumor down a street. Just as a rumor can quickly spread down a street, an action potential can quickly spread down a neuron.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	What is a good analogy to explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron to a social science student?
A frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs work like a human's, and the frog also has a diaphragm that helps it breathe.	breathing mechanism of frogs	What is a good analogy to explain breathing mechanism of frogs to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain layered architecture to a social science student is to think of the different layers of an onion. The outermost layer is the skin, and the innermost layer is the core. The layers in between are the edible part of the onion. The same is true for a layered architecture system. The outermost layer is the user interface, and the innermost layer is the back-end. The layers in between are the functional parts of the system.	layered architecture	What is a good analogy to explain layered architecture to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student is to think of a party. If you have too many people at the party, it will be difficult to have a conversation with anyone. This is because there are too many people and not enough space. If you have too few people at the party, it will be boring because there is not enough to do. This is similar to a chemical reaction. If you have too much of a reactant, the reaction will be too fast and it will be difficult to control. If you have too little of a reactant, the reaction will not happen at all.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant and excess reactant to a social science student?
A eukaryotic cell is like a city. The cell has a nucleus (the city hall), mitochondria (the power plants), and other organelles (the different neighborhoods). The cell also has proteins (the police) and RNA (the city planners).	eukaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain eukaryotic cell to a social science student?
A prokaryotic cell is like a small town. It has a mayor (the cell membrane), a police force (the proteins), and a bunch of citizens (the DNA).	prokaryotic cell	What is a good analogy to explain prokaryotic cell to a social science student?
A kernel is like the brain of a computer. It is the core part of the system that controls how the computer works. It manages the system resources and communicates with the hardware.	operating systems kernel	What is a good analogy to explain operating systems kernel to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a social science student is to think of a party. If there are too many people at the party, it will be difficult to have a conversation with anyone. This is because there are too many people and not enough space. In the same way, if there are too many people at a party, there will not be enough food to go around. This is because there is only so much food and not enough space.	limiting reactant	What is a good analogy to explain limiting reactant to a social science student?
A helicase is like a postal worker. It is responsible for delivering the mail (DNA) to the correct addresses (genes).	helicase	What is a good analogy to explain helicase to a social science student?
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the glue that holds the DNA replication process together. Just as social science students need glue to hold their papers together, DNA replication binding proteins hold the DNA replication process together to make sure the genetic information is copied accurately.	dna replication binding proteins	What is a good analogy to explain dna replication binding proteins to a social science student?
Ligase is a good analogy to explain to a social science student because it is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is like a social science student is learning about two people and how they are connected.	ligase	What is a good analogy to explain ligase to a social science student?
A process control block is like a traffic light. It helps to regulate the flow of traffic and keep things moving smoothly.	process control block	What is a good analogy to explain process control block to a social science student?
A message encoding is similar to translating a document from one language to another. The translator takes the original text and encodes it into a new format that can be understood by the receiver. This may involve changing certain words or phrases to make them more understandable, or adding specific symbols to represent different sounds or meanings.	message encoding	What is a good analogy to explain message encoding to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student is to think of receptor sites as locks and drugs as keys. The drug is like a key that fits into the lock and opens it. When the drug binds to the receptor site, it causes a change in the cell that results in the desired effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	What is a good analogy to explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites to a social science student?
A monitor is like a television. It is a device that people use to watch programs or videos.	monitor	What is a good analogy to explain monitor to a social science student?
A CPU is like a brain. It is the part of the computer that does all of the thinking.	cpu	What is a good analogy to explain cpu to a social science student?
A motherboard can be thought of as the social equivalent of a computer's central processing unit (CPU). Just as the CPU is the heart of a computer, the motherboard is the foundation of a social system. It coordinates and oversees the various functions of the system, and it provides a common platform for the exchange of information and resources.	motherboard	What is a good analogy to explain motherboard to a social science student?
Ram is to sheep as a hammer is to a nail.	ram	What is a good analogy to explain ram to a social science student?
A power supply unit can be compared to a gas tank in a car. The power supply unit provides power to the computer, similar to how the gas tank provides fuel to the car.	power supply unit	What is a good analogy to explain power supply unit to a social science student?
A keyboard is like a typewriter, but it has more keys.	keyboard	What is a good analogy to explain keyboard to a social science student?
A mouse is like a tiny person who lives in a big house.	mouse	What is a good analogy to explain mouse to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain an audio card to a social science student would be to compare it to a microphone. Just as a microphone captures sound, an audio card captures audio signals.	audio card	What is a good analogy to explain audio card to a social science student?
A video card is like a translator between the language of your computer and the language of the video you want to watch.	video card	What is a good analogy to explain video card to a social science student?
A tree's age calculation is like a human's age calculation. Just as humans are born at one moment and then grow older over time, trees are born when their seed germinates and then grow older over time. The tree's age is calculated by counting the number of years since the tree's seed germinated.	tree's age calculation	What is a good analogy to explain tree's age calculation to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain glycolysis to a social science student is to think of it as a car. The glucose is the gas, the glycolysis is the engine, and the ATP is the energy that the car uses to move.	glycolysis	What is a good analogy to explain glycolysis to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student is the scattering of light by a diamond. Just as light is scattered in all directions by a diamond, particles are scattered in all directions by a molecule.	anti-stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain anti-stokes scattering to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a social science student is to imagine that they are looking at a large crowd of people. If they were to look at the crowd from a distance, they would be able to see the individual people in the crowd. However, if they were to move closer to the crowd, they would start to see the individual people merge together and they would no longer be able to see the individual people. This is similar to what happens with light when it passes through a medium. When the light is passing through a medium, it is being scattered by the particles in the medium. As the light moves closer to the particles, the light is being scattered more and more. This is why we can no longer see the individual people in the crowd when we move closer to them.	stokes scattering	What is a good analogy to explain stokes scattering to a social science student?
A median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill half of the population that is exposed to it. A good analogy to explain this to a social science student would be to say that the median lethal dose is the amount of a substance that is expected to kill half of the people who drink it.	median lethal dose	What is a good analogy to explain median lethal dose to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain the universe to a social science student would be to compare it to a large city. The universe is made up of billions of stars, planets, and other objects that are all in constant motion. Just like in a city, there are different neighborhoods, each with its own unique character. There are also different types of objects in the universe, just like there are different types of people in a city.	universe	What is a good analogy to explain universe to a social science student?
Enzyme mechanism is like a lock and key. The enzyme is the lock and the substrate is the key. The enzyme fits the substrate perfectly like a key in a lock. When the two molecules collide, they bind together and the enzyme catalyses the reaction.	enzyme mechanism	What is a good analogy to explain enzyme mechanism to a social science student?
An anova is a statistical test that is used to compare the means of two or more groups. It is similar to a t-test, but can be used when there are more than two groups.	anova	What is a good analogy to explain anova to a social science student?
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building by turning on or off the heating or cooling system. It is similar to a thermostat on a car which regulates the temperature of the car.	thermostat	What is a good analogy to explain thermostat to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student is to think of society as a chemical system. Just as in a chemical system, there are many different molecules (people) that are constantly interacting with each other. In a chemical system, if the conditions are right (e.g. temperature, pH, etc.), the molecules will reach a state of equilibrium, where the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal. In society, if the conditions are right (e.g. economic stability, social order, etc.), the people will reach a state of equilibrium, where the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal.	chemical equilibrium	What is a good analogy to explain chemical equilibrium to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain just-in-time to a social science student would be to say that it is like a grocery store that only stocks enough food for the number of customers that are currently in the store. This prevents the store from having to waste food by stocking too much food and it also prevents the store from running out of food.	just-in-time	What is a good analogy to explain just-in-time to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a social science student is the immune system is like a military. The immune system has many different soldiers (antibodies) that it can send to fight an infection. The antibodies are able to adapt and change as the infection changes. This is similar to how a military can adapt and change as the enemy changes.	adaptive immunity	What is a good analogy to explain adaptive immunity to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain Ohm's law to a social science student is to imagine Ohm's law as a water hose. The water pressure in the hose is analogous to the voltage in an electrical circuit, and the amount of water flowing through the hose is analogous to the current in an electrical circuit. Just as the water pressure in the hose can be increased by turning up the faucet, the voltage in an electrical circuit can be increased by increasing the power supply. And just as the amount of water flowing through the hose can be increased by opening the faucet wider, the current in an electrical circuit can be increased by increasing the resistance.	ohm's law	What is a good analogy to explain ohm's law to a social science student?
Transcription is like taking dictation. The person taking the dictation is listening to the person speaking and writing down what they say.	transcription	What is a good analogy to explain transcription to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain RNA polymerase to a social science student is to think of it as a secretary. The secretary takes notes during a meeting and then types them up afterwards. RNA polymerase is responsible for reading the genetic code in DNA and then creating a copy of it in RNA.	rna polymerase	What is a good analogy to explain rna polymerase to a social science student?
A ribosome is like a translator. It takes the instructions in a gene and turns them into a protein.	ribosome	What is a good analogy to explain ribosome to a social science student?
One analogy to explain activator protein is to think of it as a key that unlocks the door to the nucleus of a cell. The activator protein is responsible for turning on the genes that are necessary for the cell to carry out its functions.	activator protein	What is a good analogy to explain activator protein to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain electric circuit to a social science student is to think of the electric circuit as a highway system. The electricity is like the cars driving on the highway. The battery is like the gas station. The wires are like the roads. The lightbulb is like the destination.	electric circuit	What is a good analogy to explain electric circuit to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student is to imagine that water is like people in a room. The people are all crowded together and talking. Some of the people are hydrophobic, meaning they do not like water and avoid it whenever possible. The people who are not hydrophobic are drawn to the water because they like it and want to be around it. The hydrophobic people are pushed away from the water and towards the edge of the room.	hydrophobic effect	What is a good analogy to explain hydrophobic effect to a social science student?
A good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a social science student would be to compare it to a telephone system. In a telephone system, a caller's voice is converted into an electrical signal that is sent through a telephone line to the recipient's telephone. The recipient's telephone then converts the electrical signal back into sound. In a similar way, biological signal transduction involves the conversion of a biological signal into an electrical signal that is sent through a cellular membrane to the recipient's cell. The recipient's cell then converts the electrical signal back into a biological signal.	biological signal transduction	What is a good analogy to explain biological signal transduction to a social science student?
