Nadh is the "fuel" of the body's energy production system. It is a coenzyme that is necessary for the body to produce energy from food.	nadh	Using a business analogy, explain nadh.
Proteins are like the employees of a business. They are responsible for carrying out the tasks that keep the business running. Some proteins are responsible for building new cells, while others are responsible for digesting food.	proteins	Using a business analogy, explain proteins.
DNA is the blueprint for life. It is a molecule that contains the genetic instructions used in the development and functioning of all living organisms.	dna	Using a business analogy, explain dna.
Glycogen is a carbohydrate that is stored in the liver and muscles. It is used to provide energy for the body.	glycogen	Using a business analogy, explain glycogen.
Endoplasmic reticulum is like the shipping and receiving department of a business. It is responsible for getting products in and out of the cell.	endoplasmic reticulum	Using a business analogy, explain endoplasmic reticulum.
Golgi is the "accounting department" of a business. It is responsible for tracking and recording the financial transactions of the company. It also prepares financial reports for management and shareholders.	golgi	Using a business analogy, explain golgi.
The plasma membrane is the boundary between the inside of a cell and the outside environment. It is a selectively permeable barrier that allows some substances to pass through while preventing others from entering or leaving the cell. The plasma membrane is composed of a lipid bilayer with embedded proteins.	plasma membrane	Using a business analogy, explain plasma membrane.
Lysosomes are like the recycling center of a business. They recycle old materials and turn them into new materials that the business can use. In the same way, lysosomes recycle old proteins and turn them into new proteins that the cell can use.	lysosome	Using a business analogy, explain lysosome.
Peroxisomes are like the accounting department of a business. They keep track of all the financial transactions that occur in the cell and make sure everything is balanced. They also produce and break down hydrogen peroxide, which is why they are called peroxisomes.	peroxisomes	Using a business analogy, explain peroxisomes.
Mitochondria are the "powerhouses" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy in the form of adenosine triphosphate (ATP).	mitochondria	Using a business analogy, explain mitochondria.
A chloroplast is like a small business. It has a lot of employees who work together to produce something that is beneficial to the company. The chloroplast produces glucose for the plant, which is used for energy.	chloroplast	Using a business analogy, explain chloroplast.
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides support to the cells and helps them to maintain their shape. It also helps to transport materials in and out of the cells.	cytoskeleton	Using a business analogy, explain cytoskeleton.
ATP is the currency of energy for all cellular activity. It is produced by the mitochondria and is used to power all biochemical reactions in the body.	atp	Using a business analogy, explain atp.
NADPH is like the fuel that a business needs to run. It is necessary for the production of energy in the body.	nadph	Using a business analogy, explain nadph.
A peroxysome is a small organelle in the cytoplasm of a cell. It is a type of microbody and is involved in the oxidation of fatty acids.	peroxysome	Using a business analogy, explain peroxysome.
Mytochondria are the "business brains" of the cell. They are responsible for producing energy (ATP) for the cell to use. Mytochondria are also responsible for the cell's metabolism and for maintaining the cell's balance.	mytochondria	Using a business analogy, explain mytochondria.
Electric forces are like the forces that hold two magnets together. They are also like the forces that hold two pieces of metal together.	electric forces	Using a business analogy, explain electric forces.
A hydrogen electron's orbital can be thought of as a company's office space. The higher the orbital, the more space the company has. The lower the orbital, the less space the company has.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Using a business analogy, explain hydrogen electron's orbital.
The first line of defense in the body is the skin. The skin is the body's first line of defense against infection, injury, and other environmental threats. The skin is made up of three layers: the epidermis, the dermis, and the hypodermis. The epidermis is the outermost layer of the skin and is made up of squamous cells. The dermis is the layer of the skin that contains hair follicles, sweat glands, and sebaceous glands. The hypodermis is the layer of the skin that contains fat cells. The skin is a barrier that protects the body from infection and injury.	first line of defense in the body	Using a business analogy, explain first line of defense in the body.
Macrophages are like the janitors of the immune system. They are responsible for cleaning up debris and pathogens in the body. They also play a role in activating the immune system to fight infection.	macrophages	Using a business analogy, explain macrophages.
A t-helper cell is like a manager in a business. They help to organize and coordinate the activities of the other cells in the immune system. They also help to activate the immune response when needed.	t-helper cells	Using a business analogy, explain t-helper cells.
B-lymphocytes are like the accountants of the immune system. They are responsible for remembering the specific details of infections that the body has encountered in the past. This information is used to create immunity against those infections.	b-lymphocytes	Using a business analogy, explain b-lymphocytes.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the CEO of a company. They are in charge of making sure the company's goals are met and that all the other employees are doing their jobs correctly. They also work to protect the company from outside threats.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Using a business analogy, explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes.
In business, an invasion of bacterias can be likened to a hostile takeover. Just as a business can be overtaken by a rival company, a bacterium can take over a host cell and use its resources to replicate. This can be harmful to the host cell and can even lead to its death.	invasion of bacterias	Using a business analogy, explain invasion of bacterias.
Action potential is like a company's sales department. The sales department is responsible for generating sales and bringing in revenue for the company. The action potential is responsible for generating electrical signals that allow the cells in the body to communicate with each other.	action potential	Using a business analogy, explain action potential.
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed on a strip of paper and the different components travel different distances, depending on their size and weight. The different components can then be identified by their color.	experiment of chromatography	Using a business analogy, explain experiment of chromatography.
The main-sequence lifetime of a star is the length of time it spends burning hydrogen in its core. The longer a star spends on the main sequence, the more massive it is. The most massive stars have the shortest main-sequence lifetimes, while the least massive stars have the longest main-sequence lifetimes.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Using a business analogy, explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars.
The nucleus is the brain of the cell. It is responsible for controlling the cell's activities, including reproduction.	nucleus	Using a business analogy, explain nucleus.
Ribosomes are the "factories" of the cell. They are responsible for making all of the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	Using a business analogy, explain ribosomes.
The Golgi apparatus is a cellular organelle that processes and packages proteins and lipids for transport within the cell. It is a stack of flattened, membrane-bound sacs and tubes that resembles a stack of pancakes. The proteins and lipids that are to be transported are first synthesized in the endoplasmic reticulum. The Golgi apparatus then modifies and packages them into vesicles that bud off from the organelle and are transported to their destination.	golgi apparatus	Using a business analogy, explain golgi apparatus.
Lysosomes are like the digestive system of a cell. They digest and recycle cellular components.	lysosomes	Using a business analogy, explain lysosomes.
The nuclear envelope is like the walls of a business. It separates the inside of the business from the outside world. The nuclear envelope is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm, and the inner membrane is in contact with the nucleus. The nuclear envelope protects the nucleus from the cytoplasm and the cytoplasm from the nucleus.	nuclear envelope	Using a business analogy, explain nuclear envelope.
A vacuole is like a company's warehouse. It is a storage area for the cell's contents. The vacuole can grow very large, and it can change shape to hold different things.	vacuoles	Using a business analogy, explain vacuoles.
Cytoplasm is the "lifeblood" of a cell. It is a thick, viscous fluid that contains the cell's organelles and genetic material. It provides the cell with the nutrients it needs to survive and grow.	cytoplasm	Using a business analogy, explain cytoplasm.
A chromosome is like a file cabinet in a business. It is a place where information is stored.	chromosome	Using a business analogy, explain chromosome.
Cytosol is the liquid within a cell that contains the cell's organelles and cytoplasm. It is a water-based solution that consists of proteins, lipids, carbohydrates, and minerals. The cytosol provides a medium for chemical reactions and helps to maintain the cell's structure.	cytosol	Using a business analogy, explain cytosol.
A cell is like a small business. It has a limited amount of resources and it can only do a certain amount of work.	cell	Using a business analogy, explain cell.
A vesicle is a small sac-like structure that is found in the cytoplasm of cells. Vesicles are used to store and transport cellular materials.	vesicles	Using a business analogy, explain vesicles.
A cell wall is like a company's firewall. It is a barrier that protects the cell from outside invaders and helps keep the cell's contents inside.	cell wall	Using a business analogy, explain cell wall.
Cells are the basic building blocks of life. Just as a business has a basic structure of employees, a cell has a basic structure of molecules. The cell membrane is the equivalent of the business walls, and the cytoplasm is the equivalent of the business interior. The nucleus is the equivalent of the business owner, and the chromosomes are the equivalent of the business records.	cells	Using a business analogy, explain cells.
A cell membrane is like a company's board of directors. It is responsible for making decisions that affect the entire company. The cell membrane is also responsible for regulating what goes in and out of the cell.	cell membrane	Using a business analogy, explain cell membrane.
The Golgi body is a bit like the post office for a company. It is responsible for receiving, sorting and shipping parcels (or proteins) to the correct destination within the cell. It is named after Camillo Golgi, an Italian biologist who discovered it in 1898.	golgi body	Using a business analogy, explain golgi body.
In a business analogy, capacitance can be thought of as the amount of money that a company has saved. This money can be used in the future to invest in the company or to cover any unexpected costs. Similarly, capacitance in an electrical system refers to the amount of energy that can be stored and used in the future.	capacitance	Using a business analogy, explain capacitance.
Electric current is like the flow of money in a business. Just as money needs to flow in order for the business to function, electric current needs to flow in order for an electrical device to work. Just as a business can have too little or too much money, an electrical device can have too little or too much current.	electric current	Using a business analogy, explain electric current.
Voltage is the pressure that pushes the electrons through the conductor. It is measured in volts.	voltage	Using a business analogy, explain voltage.
In a business, specialization is when different employees are responsible for different tasks. For example, one employee may be responsible for sales, another for accounting, and another for marketing. Communication is important in a business so that employees can coordinate their efforts and ensure that tasks are completed efficiently.In a cell, specialization is when different parts of the cell are responsible for different tasks. For example, one part of the cell may be responsible for producing energy, another for producing proteins, and another for transporting molecules. Communication is important in a cell so that different parts of the cell can coordinate their efforts and ensure that the cell functions properly.	specialization and communication in a cell	Using a business analogy, explain specialization and communication in a cell.
Kirchoff's voltage law states that the sum of the voltages around a closed loop is zero. This law is important in electrical engineering because it allows engineers to calculate the voltage at any point in a circuit by tracing the path of current flow.	kirchoff's voltage law	Using a business analogy, explain kirchoff's voltage law.
A density wave is a wave of increased density that travels through a medium. The wave can be caused by a variety of things, such as a change in temperature or the movement of a object through the medium. The wave travels through the medium until it dissipates.	nature of a density wave	Using a business analogy, explain nature of a density wave.
Enzymes are like the workers in a factory. They are responsible for the chemical reactions that occur in the body. Enzymes are produced by the body and are found in all body tissues.	enzymes	Using a business analogy, explain enzymes.
The human active memory system can be thought of as a computer's RAM (random access memory). This is where data is stored when it is actively being used. The information in RAM is constantly being accessed and changed as the computer is working. In the same way, the active memory system is constantly being accessed and changed as we are thinking and interacting with the world around us. The information in our active memory is what we are currently aware of and can easily access.	human active memory system	Using a business analogy, explain human active memory system.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the slowest step in the reaction. The rate of the reaction is determined by the rate of the slowest step.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Using a business analogy, explain rate-determining step of a reaction.
Column chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The mixture is placed in a column and a solvent is passed through the column. The components of the mixture are separated based on their different affinities for the solvent. The component with the highest affinity for the solvent will be the first to exit the column.	column chromatography	Using a business analogy, explain column chromatography.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a business that is always in flux. The business is always changing, but it is always in balance. The same is true for chemical equilibrium. The equilibrium is always changing, but the system is always in balance.	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Using a business analogy, explain dynamic chemical equilibrium.
A vacuole is like a company's warehouse. It is a storage area for the cell's contents.	vacuole	Using a business analogy, explain vacuole.
A transport vesicle is like a bus. It transports proteins and other materials from one part of the cell to another.	transport vesicles	Using a business analogy, explain transport vesicles.
Proto-oncogenes are like the sales department of a company. They are responsible for promoting the company and its products. In the case of proto-oncogenes, they promote cell growth and division. When these genes are functioning normally, they help keep the cells healthy. However, when they become mutated, they can cause the cells to grow and divide out of control, leading to cancer.	proto-oncogenes	Using a business analogy, explain proto-oncogenes.
Oncogenes are like the sales department of a company. They are responsible for increasing the company's sales and profits. Oncogenes are responsible for the growth and proliferation of cells.	oncogenes	Using a business analogy, explain oncogenes.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing and dividing too quickly. If these genes are mutated or damaged, it can lead to cancer.	tumor suppressor genes	Using a business analogy, explain tumor suppressor genes.
Brittle software is software that is not very flexible and breaks easily. It is not very tolerant to changes and does not handle errors well.	brittle software	Using a business analogy, explain brittle software.
A resonance hybrid is a molecule that is composed of two or more atoms that are held together by covalent bonds. The atoms in a resonance hybrid are not in a fixed position, but they are in a state of equilibrium. The electrons in a resonance hybrid are not in a fixed position, but they are in a state of equilibrium.	resonance hybrid	Using a business analogy, explain resonance hybrid.
The wave mechanical model is similar to the way a business is run. The wave mechanical model has a CEO who is in charge of the company. The CEO is responsible for making decisions that will benefit the company. The CEO is also responsible for communicating with the employees and making sure they are working together towards the same goal. The employees are responsible for doing their job and following the instructions of the CEO. The company is also responsible for producing a product or service that is beneficial to the customer. The customer is responsible for purchasing the product or service and providing feedback to the company.	wave mechanical model	Using a business analogy, explain wave mechanical model.
An electroencephalogram (EEG) is a test that measures the electrical activity of your brain. This test is used to help diagnose problems with your brain, such as seizures.	electroencephalogram	Using a business analogy, explain electroencephalogram.
DNA replication is similar to a business that is expanding. The business has a limited amount of resources, but it can use these resources to create more of itself. The business can also create new businesses with the same resources. DNA replication is similar because it uses the resources of the cell to create more DNA.	dna replication	Using a business analogy, explain dna replication.
RNA transcription is the process of copying genetic information from DNA to RNA. This process is necessary for the cell to create proteins, which are essential for the cell to function.	rna transcription	Using a business analogy, explain rna transcription.
Protein translation is the process by which a gene is converted into a protein. The gene is first transcribed into RNA, and then the RNA is translated into a protein.	protein translation	Using a business analogy, explain protein translation.
An ecosystem is a group of living things and their environment. The living things in an ecosystem interact with each other and with their environment. The environment includes everything that surrounds the living things, including the air, the water, the soil, and the climate.	ecosystem	Using a business analogy, explain ecosystem.
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be thought of as the spread of a rumor down a social network. The action potential starts at the neuron's cell body and then travels down the axon to the synapse. The synapse is like the point of communication where the axon of one neuron meets the dendrite of another neuron. The action potential then travels across the synapse to the next neuron. This process continues until the action potential reaches the end of the axon.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Using a business analogy, explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron.
The frog's breathing mechanism is similar to that of a human. The frog inhales and exhales air through its nose and mouth. Its lungs extract oxygen from the air and the frog's blood carries the oxygen throughout its body.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Using a business analogy, explain breathing mechanism of frogs.
A layered architecture is like a cake. The bottom layer is the foundation, the next layer is the cake itself, and the top layer is the icing. The foundation is the most important layer, because it supports the rest of the cake. The cake is the most important layer, because it's the part that people see and eat. The icing is the least important layer, because it's the part that people usually don't see.	layered architecture	Using a business analogy, explain layered architecture.
A limiting reactant is a reactant that is in short supply and limits the amount of product that can be formed. An excess reactant is a reactant that is in excess and does not limit the amount of product that can be formed.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Using a business analogy, explain limiting reactant and excess reactant.
A eukaryotic cell is like a business. It has a CEO, managers, workers, and a support staff. The CEO is the nucleus, the managers are the organelles, the workers are the cells, and the support staff are the proteins and other molecules.	eukaryotic cell	Using a business analogy, explain eukaryotic cell.
A prokaryotic cell is like a small business. It is relatively simple and has a limited number of employees (proteins and RNA). It is also relatively autonomous and can survive on its own.	prokaryotic cell	Using a business analogy, explain prokaryotic cell.
The kernel is the heart of the operating system. It is responsible for managing the system's resources and providing basic services to the other parts of the system. The kernel is also responsible for security, ensuring that unauthorized users cannot access the system's resources.	operating systems kernel	Using a business analogy, explain operating systems kernel.
A limiting reactant is the reactant in a chemical reaction that is in shortest supply. The reaction will stop when the limiting reactant is used up.	limiting reactant	Using a business analogy, explain limiting reactant.
Helicase is a protein that helps to unwind DNA strands. It is responsible for separating the two strands of DNA and making them available for replication.	helicase	Using a business analogy, explain helicase.
Replication binding proteins are like the managers of a business. They make sure that everything is running smoothly and that all the necessary resources are available. They also help to ensure that the replication process is accurate.	dna replication binding proteins	Using a business analogy, explain dna replication binding proteins.
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is used in genetic engineering to create recombinant DNA molecules.	ligase	Using a business analogy, explain ligase.
A process control block (PCB) is a data structure in a computer operating system that describes the state of a process. It includes information such as the process's identity, priority, CPU time, memory usage, and open files.	process control block	Using a business analogy, explain process control block.
Message encoding is the process of translating a message from its original form into a format that can be transmitted or stored. This may involve converting the message into a digital format, adding error-correction codes, or compressing it to save space.	message encoding	Using a business analogy, explain message encoding.
Drugs are like keys and receptor sites are like locks. The drug fits into the receptor site like a key fits into a lock and the two interact with each other. This interaction causes the receptor site to change shape and the drug to be released.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Using a business analogy, explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites.
A monitor is a device that displays information on a screen. It can be used to show text, images, or video.	monitor	Using a business analogy, explain monitor.
CPU is the "brain" of the computer. It is responsible for executing programs, handling data, and controlling peripherals.	cpu	Using a business analogy, explain cpu.
A motherboard is the main circuit board in a computer. It is a large, flat piece of plastic that holds all of the computer's electronic components. The motherboard contains the central processing unit (CPU), the memory, the graphics card, the sound card, and all of the connectors for the other components.	motherboard	Using a business analogy, explain motherboard.
Ram is a type of computer memory that is used to store data temporarily. It is a form of random access memory, which means that the computer can access any memory location at any time. Ram is used to store data that is being processed by the computer, and it is also used to store the operating system and applications.	ram	Using a business analogy, explain ram.
A power supply unit (PSU) is like the engine of a car. It takes the power from the battery and converts it into a form that the other parts of the car can use. The PSU is important because it provides the power that the other parts of the computer need to run.	power supply unit	Using a business analogy, explain power supply unit.
A keyboard is a device that is used to input text into a computer. It typically has a number of keys that are used to type letters, numbers, and other symbols.	keyboard	Using a business analogy, explain keyboard.
Mouse is a computer input device that is used to control the movement of the cursor on the screen.	mouse	Using a business analogy, explain mouse.
An audio card is a device that allows a computer to play and record sound.	audio card	Using a business analogy, explain audio card.
A video card is like the engine of a car. It is responsible for processing all the information that is shown on the screen.	video card	Using a business analogy, explain video card.
The tree's age calculation is like a business's balance sheet. The tree's age calculation is a calculation of how much money the tree has made (net worth) and how much the tree has spent (assets). The tree's age calculation is a calculation of how much money the tree has made (net worth) and how much the tree has spent (assets).	tree's age calculation	Using a business analogy, explain tree's age calculation.
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This process occurs in the cytoplasm of the cell and does not require oxygen.	glycolysis	Using a business analogy, explain glycolysis.
Anti-stokes scattering is the process of a photon bouncing off an atom and losing energy in the process. This is the opposite of the stokes scattering process, where a photon gains energy from a collision with an atom.	anti-stokes scattering	Using a business analogy, explain anti-stokes scattering.
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light or other electromagnetic radiation by small particles in a gas or liquid. The scattering is caused by the collisions of the photons or particles with the atoms or molecules of the gas or liquid. The photons or particles are scattered in all directions and the intensity of the scattered light is reduced.	stokes scattering	Using a business analogy, explain stokes scattering.
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill 50% of the population that is exposed to it.	median lethal dose	Using a business analogy, explain median lethal dose.
The universe can be thought of as a business. It has a beginning, a middle, and an end. It has a CEO (God), managers (angels), employees (humans), and customers (angels and humans). It has a mission (to love and be loved), a vision (a perfect world), and a goal (to return to God).	universe	Using a business analogy, explain universe.
Enzyme mechanism is like a business process. The enzyme is like the business, and the substrate is like the customer. The enzyme has a specific process that it follows to convert the substrate into the product. The product is then released from the enzyme and is available for the customer (the cell) to use.	enzyme mechanism	Using a business analogy, explain enzyme mechanism.
An anova is a business analysis tool that is used to measure the performance of a company by comparing the results of two or more divisions or business units. The anova compares the means of the different divisions or business units and determines if there is a significant difference in the performance of the divisions or business units.	anova	Using a business analogy, explain anova.
A thermostat is a device that regulates the temperature of a room or building. It does this by turning on or off the heating or cooling system as needed.	thermostat	Using a business analogy, explain thermostat.
Chemical equilibrium is like a business that is in a steady state. The business is not growing or shrinking and it is making a profit. The chemical equilibrium is reached when the rates of the forward and reverse reactions are equal.	chemical equilibrium	Using a business analogy, explain chemical equilibrium.
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's efficiency by reducing the amount of inventory it holds. The idea is that instead of having a large stockpile of materials or products that might not be used for months or even years, a company only orders what it needs as it needs it. This reduces the amount of money a company spends on storage and inventory-related costs, and it also means that the company is less likely to run out of products or materials.	just-in-time	Using a business analogy, explain just-in-time.
Adaptive immunity is like a business that is able to change and grow with the times. It is able to respond to new challenges and threats by adapting its strategies and methods. This allows it to stay strong and thrive in a competitive environment.	adaptive immunity	Using a business analogy, explain adaptive immunity.
Ohm's law states that the current through a conductor between two points is directly proportional to the potential difference between those points. In other words, the greater the voltage drop across a resistor, the greater the current flow through the resistor.	ohm's law	Using a business analogy, explain ohm's law.
Transcription is the process of converting audio or video files into text. This can be done manually, but is often done using software that can automatically convert the audio or video into a text file. Transcription can be used for a variety of purposes, including creating a transcript of a meeting or lecture, creating a caption for a video, or simply creating a text file of a conversation.	transcription	Using a business analogy, explain transcription.
RNA polymerase is the enzyme that catalyzes the transcription of DNA into RNA. It binds to the DNA promoter region and uses the energy from the hydrogen bonds between the DNA base pairs to synthesize an RNA molecule.	rna polymerase	Using a business analogy, explain rna polymerase.
Ribosomes are the protein factories of the cell. They are small organelles that are made up of RNA and protein. Ribosomes read the genetic code in DNA to create proteins.	ribosome	Using a business analogy, explain ribosome.
Activator protein is a protein that helps to activate other proteins. It is responsible for starting the process that leads to gene expression.	activator protein	Using a business analogy, explain activator protein.
Electricity flows through a closed path called an electric circuit. The electricity is supplied by a power source, such as a battery, and flows through a conductor, such as a wire. The electricity then flows back to the power source.	electric circuit	Using a business analogy, explain electric circuit.
The hydrophobic effect is the tendency of nonpolar molecules to aggregate in an aqueous environment. This is because the polar water molecules interact more strongly with one another than with the nonpolar molecules. The nonpolar molecules are repelled by the water and tend to aggregate together.	hydrophobic effect	Using a business analogy, explain hydrophobic effect.
Biological signal transduction is the process by which a signal is transmitted from the surface of a cell to the inside of the cell. The signal is transmitted by a molecule called a receptor, which is located on the surface of the cell. The receptor binds to a molecule called a ligand, which is the signal that is transmitted from the surface of the cell. The ligand is transmitted by a molecule called a transmitter, which is located in the synapse. The transmitter binds to the receptor, which transmits the signal to the inside of the cell.	biological signal transduction	Using a business analogy, explain biological signal transduction.
