Nadh is like the conductor of an orchestra. It helps to orchestrate the chemical reactions that allow the body to create energy.	nadh	Explain nadh using an arts analogy.
Proteins are like the paint on an artist's canvas. Just as the paint can be used to create different colors and textures, proteins can be used to create different structures and functions in the body.	proteins	Explain proteins using an arts analogy.
DNA is like a blueprint for a house. It contains all of the information needed to build a house.	dna	Explain dna using an arts analogy.
Glycogen is like a big box of crayons. It's a storage molecule for glucose, which is like the primary color red. When your body needs energy, it can break down glycogen into glucose molecules, which it can then use for fuel.	glycogen	Explain glycogen using an arts analogy.
The endoplasmic reticulum can be thought of as a giant artists' canvas. The canvas is stretched out and filled with paint (proteins). The proteins are then shaped and formed into the final product.	endoplasmic reticulum	Explain endoplasmic reticulum using an arts analogy.
The Golgi apparatus is a bit like an art studio. It is where the artist can work on their paintings, adding layers of paint and detail. The paintings are then packaged up and sent to the exhibition hall.	golgi	Explain golgi using an arts analogy.
The plasma membrane can be thought of as a canvas. The proteins and lipids that make up the membrane are the paint, and the genes that encode them are the artists. The canvas is stretched tightly over the frame of the cell, and the cell's contents are held inside. The plasma membrane is a selective barrier, allowing some things to pass through while keeping others out.	plasma membrane	Explain plasma membrane using an arts analogy.
Lysosomes are like a recycling center in your cells. They break down old or damaged cell parts and recycle the materials into new cell parts.	lysosome	Explain lysosome using an arts analogy.
Peroxisomes are like the art studio of the cell. They are where a variety of chemicals are produced that are used in other parts of the cell.	peroxisomes	Explain peroxisomes using an arts analogy.
Mitochondria can be thought of as the "powerhouses" of the cell. Just as an artist needs a good set of paints and brushes to create a masterpiece, cells need mitochondria to create energy. Mitochondria use oxygen and glucose to create ATP, which is the cell's main source of energy.	mitochondria	Explain mitochondria using an arts analogy.
Chloroplasts are like the paintbrushes of the cell. They are used to create the colors in the cell.	chloroplast	Explain chloroplast using an arts analogy.
The cytoskeleton is like the scaffolding of a building. It provides support to the cells and helps them to maintain their shape.	cytoskeleton	Explain cytoskeleton using an arts analogy.
ATP is the energy currency of the cell. Just as money is needed to purchase goods and services, ATP is needed to power the cell's many activities. ATP is produced when food is broken down in the body. The energy released from the food is used to create ATP.	atp	Explain atp using an arts analogy.
NADPH is like the paintbrush that helps the artist create their masterpiece. NADPH helps the body create new cells, including red blood cells.	nadph	Explain nadph using an arts analogy.
Peroxysomes are like a group of artists who get together to create a piece of art. The artists use their skills and creativity to create a work of art that is beautiful and unique. The peroxysomes use their skills and creativity to create a work of art that is beautiful and unique.	peroxysome	Explain peroxysome using an arts analogy.
Mytochondria are the cells in our body that produce energy. They can be thought of as the artists in our body, creating energy to help us move and function.	mytochondria	Explain mytochondria using an arts analogy.
Electric forces are like magnets. Like magnets, electric forces have a north and south pole. The north pole of one magnet will attract the south pole of another magnet. The north pole of a magnet will also repel the north pole of another magnet.	electric forces	Explain electric forces using an arts analogy.
The orbital of a hydrogen electron is like a group of artists who are all working on a painting together. The artists are all in the same room and are working on the same painting. They are all standing around the painting and are all working on it at the same time.	hydrogen electron's orbital	Explain hydrogen electron's orbital using an arts analogy.
The first line of defense in the body is like the security team at a museum. They are the first line of defense against anyone trying to get into the museum. They are there to stop anyone from getting in without permission.	first line of defense in the body	Explain first line of defense in the body using an arts analogy.
Macrophages are like the police force of the body. They patrol the body and look for things that don't belong there, like bacteria or other foreign objects. Once they find something, they attack it and try to get rid of it.	macrophages	Explain macrophages using an arts analogy.
T-helper cells are like the directors of a play. They help orchestrate the actions of other cells in the immune system to fight infection.	t-helper cells	Explain t-helper cells using an arts analogy.
B-lymphocytes are like the painters of the immune system. They are responsible for creating the antibodies that recognize and bind to specific antigens on invading pathogens.	b-lymphocytes	Explain b-lymphocytes using an arts analogy.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocytes are like the police force of the immune system. They patrol the body and identify and destroy cells that are not supposed to be there.	cytotoxic t-lymphocytes	Explain cytotoxic t-lymphocytes using an arts analogy.
The invasion of bacteria can be likened to an army of invaders storming a city. The bacteria are like the soldiers, and they invade and take over the cells of the body. The body's immune system is like the city's defenders, trying to fight off the bacteria and protect the city.	invasion of bacterias	Explain invasion of bacterias using an arts analogy.
The action potential is like a musician playing a note on a violin. The musician creates a vibration in the string of the violin, and the vibration travels down the string until it reaches the end. The same thing happens with an action potential: the electrical impulse travels down the neuron until it reaches the end.	action potential	Explain action potential using an arts analogy.
Chromatography is a technique used to separate the components of a mixture. The components are dissolved in a solvent and then passed through a filter. The different components are then separated by their different rates of diffusion through the filter.	experiment of chromatography	Explain experiment of chromatography using an arts analogy.
Stars are like people. They are born, they grow up, they get old, and then they die. The main-sequence lifetime of a star is the length of time it spends as a young adult.	main-sequence lifetimes of stars	Explain main-sequence lifetimes of stars using an arts analogy.
Nucleus is the central part of an atom. It is made up of protons and neutrons. The protons give the nucleus its positive charge and the neutrons give the nucleus its mass.	nucleus	Explain nucleus using an arts analogy.
Ribosomes are like the painters of the cell. They take the instructions from the DNA and create the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosomes	Explain ribosomes using an arts analogy.
The Golgi apparatus can be thought of as an assembly line in a factory. The different parts of a product are brought in from different parts of the factory, and they are put together in a specific order to create the finished product. The Golgi apparatus is responsible for packaging proteins and sending them to the correct part of the cell.	golgi apparatus	Explain golgi apparatus using an arts analogy.
Lysosomes are like a recycling center in your cells. They break down old or damaged cells and recycle the parts to make new cells.	lysosomes	Explain lysosomes using an arts analogy.
The nuclear envelope is like a protective sheath that surrounds the nucleus of a cell. It is made up of two membranes, the outer membrane and the inner membrane. The outer membrane is in contact with the cytoplasm of the cell, and the inner membrane is in contact with the nucleus. The nuclear envelope serves as a barrier between the nucleus and the cytoplasm, and it helps to protect the nucleus from damage.	nuclear envelope	Explain nuclear envelope using an arts analogy.
A vacuole is like a large container in the art studio. It can be used to store extra paint, brushes, and other art supplies.	vacuoles	Explain vacuoles using an arts analogy.
The cytoplasm can be thought of as the "paint" or "ink" that is used by an artist to create a work of art. It is the material that is used to create the body of the work, and it can be manipulated in a variety of ways to create different effects.	cytoplasm	Explain cytoplasm using an arts analogy.
Chromosomes are like a set of paints. They are the basic colors that can be mixed together to create all the other colors.	chromosome	Explain chromosome using an arts analogy.
The cytosol can be thought of as the "paint" that fills the cells of our bodies. It is a water-based solution that contains all of the cellular machinery needed to keep the cell alive and functioning. The cytosol also contains many different proteins and other molecules that allow the cell to interact with its environment.	cytosol	Explain cytosol using an arts analogy.
A cell is like a small theater. It has a stage, a curtain, and a small audience.	cell	Explain cell using an arts analogy.
A vesicle is like a small balloon. It is filled with a liquid or gas and is surrounded by a thin membrane.	vesicles	Explain vesicles using an arts analogy.
A cell wall is like a frame for a painting. It helps to hold the painting together and keep it from falling apart.	cell wall	Explain cell wall using an arts analogy.
Cells are like the paint on a canvas. They are the building blocks of life and can be used to create any picture you can imagine.	cells	Explain cells using an arts analogy.
The cell membrane can be thought of as a canvas. The proteins and lipids that make up the membrane are the paint, and the cell's contents are the picture. The membrane is semi-permeable, meaning that it allows some things to pass through while keeping others out. This allows the cell to control what goes in and out.	cell membrane	Explain cell membrane using an arts analogy.
The Golgi body is like an artist's studio. It is where the artist creates their art. The Golgi body is where the cells create their proteins.	golgi body	Explain golgi body using an arts analogy.
A capacitor is like a container of water. If you have a hose with a lot of water pressure, it's easy to squirt water out of the hose. But if you have a container with a small hole in the bottom, it's hard to get water out of the container. The water pressure is like the voltage, and the size of the hole is like the capacitance.	capacitance	Explain capacitance using an arts analogy.
Electric current is like a river of electricity. Just as a river flows downhill, electric current flows from the higher voltage to the lower voltage. Just as a river can be dammed to create a reservoir, a voltage can be created to store electricity. Just as a river can be used to power mills, electric current can be used to power electronic devices.	electric current	Explain electric current using an arts analogy.
Voltage is like the pressure of a fluid. It is the force that moves the electrons through a conductor.	voltage	Explain voltage using an arts analogy.
In a cell, specialization and communication are like an orchestra. Each musician in an orchestra specializes in a certain type of music, but they all work together to create a beautiful sound. In the same way, different parts of a cell specialize in different tasks, but they all work together to create a functioning cell. Communication between cells is like the conductor of an orchestra, ensuring that everyone is playing together harmoniously.	specialization and communication in a cell	Explain specialization and communication in a cell using an arts analogy.
Kirchoff's voltage law is like the rule of thirds in photography. Just as thirds of a photo should be used for the subject, thirds of a circuit should be used for voltage. The subject is the thing you're photographing, and voltage is the thing you're measuring. The left third of the photo is for the left third of the circuit, the right third is for the right third of the circuit, and the center third is for the subject.	kirchoff's voltage law	Explain kirchoff's voltage law using an arts analogy.
A density wave is like a group of people who are all moving in the same direction. The people are close together at the beginning of the wave, and they are spread out at the end of the wave.	nature of a density wave	Explain nature of a density wave using an arts analogy.
Enzymes are like artists. They use their skills to create something new. In the case of enzymes, they create new molecules.	enzymes	Explain enzymes using an arts analogy.
The human active memory system can be likened to an artist's studio. The artist's studio is a place where the artist can create new works of art. The artist can store ideas and sketches in the studio, and can use these ideas to create new works of art. The artist can also use the studio to store finished works of art. The artist can access the ideas and sketches stored in the studio, and can use these ideas to create new works of art. The artist can also access the finished works of art stored in the studio, and can use these works of art to create new works of art.	human active memory system	Explain human active memory system using an arts analogy.
The rate-determining step of a reaction is the step that determines how fast the reaction will take place. This step is usually the slowest step in the reaction. You can think of the rate-determining step as the " bottleneck" of the reaction.	rate-determining step of a reaction	Explain rate-determining step of a reaction using an arts analogy.
Column chromatography is like a giant art canvas. The artist starts with a blank canvas and adds paint in different colors. The artist then uses a brush to create a picture. The different colors of paint represent the different compounds in the sample. The artist can then use a tool to separate the different colors of paint. This is similar to how the compounds in the sample are separated by the chromatography column.	column chromatography	Explain column chromatography using an arts analogy.
Dynamic chemical equilibrium is like a dance. The dancers (molecules) are constantly moving around and changing partners (reacting). But at the end of the dance, they all end up back where they started (in equilibrium).	dynamic chemical equilibrium	Explain dynamic chemical equilibrium using an arts analogy.
A vacuole is like an art gallery. It is a space where art is displayed.	vacuole	Explain vacuole using an arts analogy.
A transport vesicle is like a bus. It transports things (in this case, proteins) from one place to another.	transport vesicles	Explain transport vesicles using an arts analogy.
Proto-oncogenes are like the blueprints for cancer. They are normal genes that can become cancer-causing genes if they are altered or mutated.	proto-oncogenes	Explain proto-oncogenes using an arts analogy.
Oncogenes are like pieces of a puzzle that, when put together, can cause cancer. They are like the arts because they can be used for good or bad. Just as the arts can be used to create beautiful things, oncogenes can be used to create cancer.	oncogenes	Explain oncogenes using an arts analogy.
Tumor suppressor genes are like the brakes on a car. They help to keep the cells in check and stop them from growing and dividing too quickly.	tumor suppressor genes	Explain tumor suppressor genes using an arts analogy.
Brittle software is like a vase that is easily broken. It doesn't take much force to cause it to shatter into pieces. Similarly, brittle software is easily damaged and doesn't handle changes or errors well.	brittle software	Explain brittle software using an arts analogy.
A resonance hybrid is a model of a molecule that is made up of several different Lewis structures. The different Lewis structures are equivalent, and they all represent the same molecule. The resonance hybrid is the most stable of the different Lewis structures, and it is the one that is most likely to exist in reality.	resonance hybrid	Explain resonance hybrid using an arts analogy.
The wave mechanical model is like a group of people singing in a choir. The people are the waves and the choir is the medium. The waves travel through the medium and interact with each other.	wave mechanical model	Explain wave mechanical model using an arts analogy.
The electroencephalogram is like an orchestra. The different parts of the brain (the different instruments) are all playing different notes (frequencies) at the same time. The EEG is like a conductor, listening to all of the different notes and making sure they all sound good together.	electroencephalogram	Explain electroencephalogram using an arts analogy.
DNA replication can be thought of as an artist creating a copy of a masterpiece. The artist takes a blank canvas and starts creating a copy of the original masterpiece. The artist uses the same colors and techniques as the original artist, but the copy will be slightly different. The same is true for DNA replication. The DNA molecule is the canvas, and the genetic information is the artwork. The DNA replication process uses the same genetic information as the original DNA molecule, but the copy will be slightly different.	dna replication	Explain dna replication using an arts analogy.
RNA transcription is a bit like a play. The playwright is the one who comes up with the story, and the actors are the ones who perform it. The playwright's job is to create the dialogue and the stage directions, and the actors' job is to follow those directions and bring the story to life. In the same way, the RNA polymerase is the playwright, and the RNA molecules are the actors. The RNA polymerase creates the dialogue (the genetic code) and the stage directions (the transcription factors), and the RNA molecules follow those directions and bring the code to life.	rna transcription	Explain rna transcription using an arts analogy.
Protein translation is the process by which a gene is converted into a protein. This process can be thought of as an artist creating a painting. The artist begins with a blank canvas and uses a set of instructions (the gene) to create a work of art (the protein).	protein translation	Explain protein translation using an arts analogy.
An ecosystem can be thought of as a theater production. The ecosystem has a producer (the sun), a director (the wind), a cast of characters (plants and animals), and an audience (us). The producer provides the energy for the production, the director controls the action, the cast members create the drama, and the audience watches it all unfold.	ecosystem	Explain ecosystem using an arts analogy.
The propagation of an action potential down a neuron can be thought of as a wave of energy moving down the neuron. This wave of energy is created by the movement of ions across the neuron's membrane.	propagation of an action potential down a neuron	Explain propagation of an action potential down a neuron using an arts analogy.
Breathing in frogs is similar to how an artist uses a paintbrush. The frog's lungs are like the canvas, and the air is like the paint. When the frog breathes in, it takes in the air and fills its lungs. When the frog breathes out, it pushes the air out of its lungs and paints the world with its breath.	breathing mechanism of frogs	Explain breathing mechanism of frogs using an arts analogy.
A layered architecture is like an onion. It has many layers, and each layer is built on top of the previous one. The outer layer is the most visible, and the inner layer is the most hidden.	layered architecture	Explain layered architecture using an arts analogy.
In an arts analogy, a limiting reactant can be thought of as the amount of paint you have to work with. You can only make so many paintings with the amount of paint you have. If you try to make more paintings than you have paint, you will run out of paint and will not be able to finish the painting. An excess reactant is like having extra paint. You can make more paintings with more paint.	limiting reactant and excess reactant	Explain limiting reactant and excess reactant using an arts analogy.
A eukaryotic cell is like a well-oiled machine. The cell has many parts that all work together to keep the cell running. The cell membrane is like the wall of the machine, keeping the inside of the cell separate from the outside world. The cytoplasm is like the oil that keeps the parts of the machine moving smoothly. The nucleus is like the brain of the machine, telling the other parts what to do. The mitochondria are like the engines of the machine, providing the energy that the cell needs to function. And the chromosomes are like the instruction manuals, telling the cell what to do.	eukaryotic cell	Explain eukaryotic cell using an arts analogy.
A prokaryotic cell is like a blank canvas. It is a simple, empty space that can be filled with whatever the artist desires. The artist can add color, texture, and detail to the canvas to create a masterpiece. In the same way, a prokaryotic cell can be filled with proteins, DNA, and other molecules to create a living cell.	prokaryotic cell	Explain prokaryotic cell using an arts analogy.
The kernel of an operating system can be thought of as the brain of the computer. It is responsible for managing all of the resources of the computer, including the memory, the processing power, and the input and output devices. It also manages the interactions between the different applications that are running on the computer and the operating system itself.	operating systems kernel	Explain operating systems kernel using an arts analogy.
A limiting reactant is like a glass of water that is only half full. No matter how many times you pour more water into the glass, it will never be full. The water is the limiting reactant and the glass is the container.	limiting reactant	Explain limiting reactant using an arts analogy.
Helicase is like a musician playing a violin. The musician's fingers move up and down the strings of the violin, creating music. Helicase is like the fingers of the musician, moving along the DNA strands to create new DNA.	helicase	Explain helicase using an arts analogy.
DNA replication binding proteins can be thought of as the "glue" that holds the DNA replication machinery together. They help to stabilize the replication complex and ensure that the DNA is replicated accurately.	dna replication binding proteins	Explain dna replication binding proteins using an arts analogy.
Ligase is a protein that helps to join two DNA strands together. It is like a glue that helps to hold the DNA strands together.	ligase	Explain ligase using an arts analogy.
A process control block is like a conductor of an orchestra. The conductor ensures that all the instruments are playing together in harmony. The process control block ensures that all the processes in the system are working together and are in harmony.	process control block	Explain process control block using an arts analogy.
When encoding a message, you are essentially putting it into a special format that can be understood by the recipient. This format is often called a code, and it can be thought of as a special language that only the two of you understand. In order for the message to be sent, it must first be translated into the code, and then sent to the recipient. The recipient will then need to translate the message back into regular language in order to read it.	message encoding	Explain message encoding using an arts analogy.
Drugs and receptor sites are like two people in a relationship. The drugs are the people and the receptor sites are the places they go to see each other. The more time the drugs spend at the receptor sites, the more likely it is that they will interact and have an effect.	interaction between drugs and receptor sites	Explain interaction between drugs and receptor sites using an arts analogy.
A monitor is like a movie screen. It is a large surface that displays images and videos.	monitor	Explain monitor using an arts analogy.
The CPU is like the conductor of an orchestra. It coordinates the activities of the different instruments (the different parts of the computer), making sure they all work together.	cpu	Explain cpu using an arts analogy.
A motherboard can be thought of as the frame of a house. It provides a structure on which everything else is built. In the same way, a motherboard provides a structure on which all the other components of a computer are built.	motherboard	Explain motherboard using an arts analogy.
Ram is like a musician who practices their instrument for hours every day. They are always working to improve their skills and make better music.	ram	Explain ram using an arts analogy.
A power supply unit can be thought of as an orchestra conductor. The conductor ensures that all of the instruments are playing together in harmony. In the same way, the power supply unit ensures that all of the components in your computer are running together smoothly.	power supply unit	Explain power supply unit using an arts analogy.
The keyboard is like a piano. It has black and white keys that you press to make different notes.	keyboard	Explain keyboard using an arts analogy.
A mouse is a small rodent that is typically used as a computer input device. It is a handheld device that is placed on a flat surface and moved around to control the cursor on the screen.	mouse	Explain mouse using an arts analogy.
An audio card is like a musician. It takes the input from a microphone or other audio source and processes it into a format that can be played back through speakers or headphones.	audio card	Explain audio card using an arts analogy.
A video card is like an artist's canvas. The video card's memory is like the artist's paint palette. The video card's processor is like the artist's brush. The video card's output is like the artist's finished painting.	video card	Explain video card using an arts analogy.
The tree's age calculation is like an artist's timeline. The artist starts with a blank canvas and over time adds layers of paint, creating a masterpiece. The tree is like the canvas, and the growth rings are like the layers of paint.	tree's age calculation	Explain tree's age calculation using an arts analogy.
Glycolysis is the process of breaking down glucose into two molecules of pyruvate. This can be thought of as similar to an artist taking a large canvas and painting it into two smaller canvases.	glycolysis	Explain glycolysis using an arts analogy.
When light shines on a certain material, some of the light is reflected off the surface while some of the light is absorbed by the material. If the material is then hit with a second light beam, the light that was absorbed by the material will be re-emitted and will be travelling in a different direction than the original light beam. This is called anti-stokes scattering.	anti-stokes scattering	Explain anti-stokes scattering using an arts analogy.
Stokes scattering is the scattering of light by small particles in a medium. It is similar to the scattering of light by raindrops in the sky. The light is scattered in all directions, and the intensity of the light decreases with increasing distance from the particle.	stokes scattering	Explain stokes scattering using an arts analogy.
The median lethal dose is the dose of a substance that is expected to kill half of the people who are exposed to it. It can be thought of as the "threshold" dose at which a substance becomes lethal.	median lethal dose	Explain median lethal dose using an arts analogy.
The universe is like a painting. It has a beginning, middle, and end. The beginning is the creation of the painting, the middle is the painting itself, and the end is the destruction of the painting.	universe	Explain universe using an arts analogy.
Enzymes are like artists. They use their skills to create something new. In the case of enzymes, they use their skills to create new molecules.	enzyme mechanism	Explain enzyme mechanism using an arts analogy.
An ANOVA is a bit like when your favorite band releases a new album. You might be curious how the album did compared to their last one. You could compare the number of copies of the new album that were sold to the number of copies of the last album that were sold. This would be a simple comparison of two means.	anova	Explain anova using an arts analogy.
A thermostat is like a conductor in an orchestra. They make sure the temperature is just right.	thermostat	Explain thermostat using an arts analogy.
Chemical equilibrium is like a symphony orchestra. The different instruments (chemical species) are in balance with each other, and the overall sound is pleasing to the ear.	chemical equilibrium	Explain chemical equilibrium using an arts analogy.
Just-in-time is a business strategy that aims to improve a company's liquidity by reducing the amount of inventory that is held. The strategy works by producing goods only as they are needed and only in the quantities that are needed. This is done by closely coordinating the production process with the sales process.	just-in-time	Explain just-in-time using an arts analogy.
Adaptive immunity can be thought of as an artist who is able to constantly adapt and change their work in order to create something new and interesting. The artist is able to do this by learning from their past experiences and using this information to create new pieces. Similarly, the adaptive immune system is able to constantly adapt and change in order to protect the body from new infections. The system is able to do this by learning from past experiences and using this information to create new defenses.	adaptive immunity	Explain adaptive immunity using an arts analogy.
Ohm's law is like the law of gravity. It is a fundamental law that always applies. Just as gravity makes things fall down, Ohm's law makes electricity flow through wires.	ohm's law	Explain ohm's law using an arts analogy.
Transcription is the process of turning a piece of music into sheet music. The transcription process takes the notes played by the musicians and writes them down in a way that other musicians can read and play.	transcription	Explain transcription using an arts analogy.
RNA polymerase is like an artist. It takes the information from the DNA and creates a new piece of RNA.	rna polymerase	Explain rna polymerase using an arts analogy.
Ribosomes are like the painters of the cell. They take the instructions from the DNA and create the proteins that the cell needs.	ribosome	Explain ribosome using an arts analogy.
An activator protein is like a conductor of an orchestra. It helps to initiate and regulate the process of transcription.	activator protein	Explain activator protein using an arts analogy.
Electricity is like water in a hose. The voltage is the water pressure, and the current is the amount of water flowing through the hose. The resistance is like the size of the hose. The more resistance there is, the less water will flow.	electric circuit	Explain electric circuit using an arts analogy.
Water molecules are attracted to each other by hydrogen bonds. This attraction creates a network of water molecules that covers the surface of most objects. The water molecules are said to be hydrophilic, which means "water-loving." The hydrophobic effect is a phenomenon that occurs when nonpolar molecules are surrounded by water. The water molecules are attracted to the polar molecules in the water, and the nonpolar molecules are repelled. This creates a force that pushes the nonpolar molecules to the center of the water droplet and away from the water's surface.	hydrophobic effect	Explain hydrophobic effect using an arts analogy.
Biological signal transduction can be thought of as the process of turning one form of energy into another. For example, when you see a light, the light energy is converted into electrical energy in your eyes. This electrical energy is then sent to your brain, where it is converted back into light energy.	biological signal transduction	Explain biological signal transduction using an arts analogy.
