Accuracy is like a machine learning algorithm that is being used to predict something. The more data that is fed into the algorithm, the more accurate its predictions will be.	accuracy	Use an analogy to explain accuracy (machine learning).
An algorithm is like a recipe for a cake. You follow the recipe to make the cake. With machine learning, you give the computer a set of data (the ingredients for the cake) and the computer will learn how to make the cake by itself.	algorithm	Use an analogy to explain algorithm (machine learning).
Attribute is like a person's height. It is a characteristic that is inherent to that person and does not change.	attribute	Use an analogy to explain attribute (machine learning).
A bias metric is a way of measuring how much a machine learning algorithm is biased. This can be done by comparing the predictions of the algorithm to the ground truth, or by measuring the error rate of the algorithm.	bias metric	Use an analogy to explain bias metric (machine learning).
A biased coin is one that has been tampered with so that it comes up heads more often than tails. In the same way, a biased machine learning algorithm is one that has been tweaked so that it produces results that are more in line with the creator's expectations.	bias term	Use an analogy to explain bias term (machine learning).
Categorical variables are like the different types of buttons on a machine. There are many different types of buttons, and each type has a unique function. Some buttons are for turning the machine on, others are for adjusting the speed, and others are for selecting the type of material that the machine will cut.	categorical variables	Use an analogy to explain categorical variables (machine learning).
Classification is like a human trying to put a group of objects into categories. For example, you might see a group of animals and try to put them into the categories of "mammals," "birds," and "reptiles." You might also put them into the categories of "animals that live on land" and "animals that live in water."	classification	Use an analogy to explain classification (machine learning).
Classification threshold is like the volume on a stereo. You can turn it up or down to change how much noise is heard. The classification threshold is the point at which the machine learning algorithm decides whether a data point is part of a particular class or not. You can think of it as the volume of the classifier. You can turn it up to make it more sensitive so that it classifies more data points as belonging to a particular class. Or you can turn it down to make it less sensitive so that it classifies fewer data points as belonging to a particular class.	classification threshold	Use an analogy to explain classification threshold (machine learning).
Clustering is like finding similar items in a store. You might group together all the blue shirts, all the green shirts, and all the red shirts. You might also group together all the long-sleeved shirts, all the short-sleeved shirts, and all the tank tops.	clustering	Use an analogy to explain clustering (machine learning).
A confusion matrix is a table that is used to describe the performance of a machine learning algorithm. The table has four columns and four rows. The first column is the actual class of the data, the second column is the predicted class, the third column is the number of times the prediction was correct, and the fourth column is the number of times the prediction was incorrect.	confusion matrix	Use an analogy to explain confusion matrix (machine learning).
Continuous variables are like the flow of water. You can measure the water's height, width, and depth at any given point in time. The water's height, width, and depth can also change over time.	continuous variables	Use an analogy to explain continuous variables (machine learning).
Convergence is like a group of people coming together to form a single entity. In the context of machine learning, this means that a number of individual machines (computers) are working together to learn a task. By sharing data and working together, the machines can learn more quickly and effectively than if they were working alone.	convergence	Use an analogy to explain convergence (machine learning).
Deduction is like a machine learning algorithm that is able to learn how to identify patterns in data. It can then use these patterns to make predictions about future data.	deduction	Use an analogy to explain deduction (machine learning).
Deep learning is like a human brain. The brain has many layers of neurons, and each layer is connected to the next. The first layer receives input from the senses, such as sight and sound. The next layer processes the input and sends the information to the next layer, which further processes the information. The final layer sends the information to the brain’s decision-making center, which decides what to do with the information.Deep learning is similar. It has many layers of neurons, and each layer is connected to the next. The first layer receives input from the senses, such as images and sounds. The next layer processes the input and sends the information to the next layer, which further processes the information. The final layer sends the information to the machine learning algorithm, which decides what to do with the information.	deep learning	Use an analogy to explain deep learning (machine learning).
Dimension is like a three-dimensional space. It has height, width, and depth. In machine learning, dimension is the number of features that are used to describe a data set.	dimension	Use an analogy to explain dimension (machine learning).
Epoch is machine learning is like a journey. You start at the beginning, and you keep going until you reach the end. Along the way, you make stops and learn new things.	epoch	Use an analogy to explain epoch (machine learning).
Extrapolation is like a machine learning algorithm that is given a set of training data, which it uses to learn how to predict future events. The algorithm is then given new data that it has not seen before, and it uses its knowledge of the past to predict what will happen in the future.	extrapolation	Use an analogy to explain extrapolation (machine learning).
False positive rate is the likelihood of a machine incorrectly labeling an event as a positive instance. It is often represented as a percentage and is calculated by dividing the number of false positives by the total number of positives.	false positive rate	Use an analogy to explain false positive rate (machine learning).
Feature (machine learning) is like a person's eyes. The eyes can see things that the person cannot see. Feature (machine learning) can see things that the computer cannot see.	feature	Use an analogy to explain feature (machine learning).
Feature selection is like a person choosing what clothes to wear. The person has many different clothes to choose from, but they can only wear a certain amount at a time. So, the person has to choose which clothes to wear based on what they want to wear and what looks good together.	feature selection	Use an analogy to explain feature selection (machine learning).
Feature vector is like a shopping list for a grocery store. The list contains all of the items that you need to buy, along with the quantity of each item. The list is organized by aisle and section of the store, so you can easily find the items you need.	feature vector	Use an analogy to explain feature vector (machine learning).
Gradient accumulation is similar to a snowball effect. The more data that is fed into the machine learning algorithm, the more accurate the predictions will be. The algorithm will learn and adapt over time, becoming more accurate as it receives more data.	gradient accumulation	Use an analogy to explain gradient accumulation (machine learning).
Hyperparameters are like the knobs and dials on a machine that you can tweak to change how it works. In machine learning, you can use hyperparameters to change things like how sensitive the machine learning algorithm is to different data points, or how many layers of data it takes into account when making a decision.	hyperparameters	Use an analogy to explain hyperparameters (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a human brain. The brain is constantly learning and induction is one way it does this. With induction, the brain takes in a lot of data (sounds, smells, etc.) and tries to find patterns. Once it finds a pattern, it can generalize from that pattern and apply it to new situations.	induction	Use an analogy to explain induction (machine learning).
Instance is like a person. It is a living, breathing thing that can learn and grow.	instance	Use an analogy to explain instance (machine learning).
Labeling is like putting a name tag on a person. It is a way to identify and keep track of something. In machine learning, labeling is the process of identifying and classifying objects in data.	label	Use an analogy to explain label (machine learning).
The learning rate is the speed at which a machine learning algorithm learns. It is usually represented by the Greek letter lambda (λ). The learning rate determines how much the algorithm will change its estimate of the current best solution after each iteration.	learning rate	Use an analogy to explain learning rate (machine learning).
Loss is like a machine learning algorithm that is trying to learn how to predict a certain outcome. The more data it has to work with, the better it will become at predicting the outcome. However, if the data set is too small, the algorithm will not be able to learn as well.	loss	Use an analogy to explain loss (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a child learning to speak. At first, the child hears individual words and learns their meanings. With time, the child begins to put those words together to form sentences, and eventually learns to have a conversation. Machine learning works in a similar way. It starts by learning the individual pieces of information (e.g. the meaning of a word or the rules of a game). With time and practice, it begins to put those pieces together to form more complex concepts (e.g. a sentence or a strategy).	machine learning	Use an analogy to explain machine learning (machine learning).
A model can be thought of as a machine learning algorithm that has been “trained” on a set of data. The model can then be used to make predictions about new data.	model	Use an analogy to explain model (machine learning).
Neural networks are like a group of people who have never met before, but are all experts in a particular topic. They are each given a list of questions and a set of answers to those questions. They are then asked to group together the questions that have the same answer. After a few rounds of grouping, the neural network will start to see patterns in the data and will be able to group questions together that have the same answer, even if they have never been seen together before.	neural networks	Use an analogy to explain neural networks (machine learning).
Normalization is a technique used in machine learning to reduce the impact of outliers on the learning process. It is similar to the technique of standardization, which is used to reduce the impact of differences in scale on the learning process.	normalization	Use an analogy to explain normalization (machine learning).
Noise is like static on a TV screen. It's something that can be annoying and make it hard to see what's going on, but it's also something that can be filtered out so that you can see the image more clearly. Noise in machine learning is like random data that can be filtered out so that the important information (like the image on the TV screen) is easier to see.	noise	Use an analogy to explain noise (machine learning).
Null accuracy is like a person who is trying to learn a new language. They may know a lot of the words in the language, but they will not be able to speak it correctly until they learn all the words and how to use them correctly.	null accuracy	Use an analogy to explain null accuracy (machine learning).
Observation is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and updating its predictions by analyzing new data. The more data it observes, the more accurate its predictions will be.	observation	Use an analogy to explain observation (machine learning).
An outlier is a data point that is significantly different from the other data points in a set. Outliers can be caused by errors in data collection or by natural variation in the data. In machine learning, outliers can be a sign of unusual activity that should be investigated.	outlier	Use an analogy to explain outlier (machine learning).
Overfitting is like a person who has been to a particular city a lot and knows all the streets and shortcuts. They can get around the city quickly, but they are not very helpful to someone who is visiting for the first time. The person who is overfit has learned too much about the specific details of the city and is not able to generalize well to new situations.	overfitting	Use an analogy to explain overfitting (machine learning).
Parameters are like the knobs and levers on a machine. They allow you to control how the machine behaves. In machine learning, the parameters are the things you can tweak to change how the machine learning algorithm works.	parameters	Use an analogy to explain parameters (machine learning).
Precision is like a machine that is finely tuned and calibrated. It can do very precise work, and it is very accurate.	precision	Use an analogy to explain precision (machine learning).
Recall is like a person reading a book. The person reads through the book and remembers what they read.	recall	Use an analogy to explain recall (machine learning).
Recall is like finding all the matches of a word in a dictionary. Precision is like finding only the matches that are in the correct order.	recall vs precision	Use an analogy to explain recall vs precision (machine learning).
Regression is like a teacher. The teacher is constantly learning from the students and adjusting their teaching methods accordingly. In the same way, regression is constantly learning from the data and adjusting its predictions accordingly.	regression	Use an analogy to explain regression (machine learning).
Regularization is a bit like dieting. Imagine that you want to lose weight, so you go on a diet and restrict your calorie intake. This makes it easier to lose weight in the short term, but it's also harder to stick to the diet in the long term. To make it easier to stick to the diet, you might add some regularity to it, like eating the same thing every day. This makes it easier to stick to the diet in the long term, and it's also easier to lose weight.In the same way, regularization makes it easier to learn a model in the short term, and it also makes the model more accurate in the long term.	regularization	Use an analogy to explain regularization (machine learning).
Reinforcement learning is like teaching a dog how to fetch a ball. Initially, you might have to show the dog how to do it, but eventually, the dog will learn how to fetch the ball on its own. The dog is being reinforced with treats (positive reinforcement) when it fetches the ball, which encourages it to do it again.	reinforcement learning	Use an analogy to explain reinforcement learning (machine learning).
Roc curve is similar to the S-curve in that it is used to predict the future performance of a machine learning model. The Roc curve plots the true positive rate (TPR) against the false positive rate (FPR) as the model is tuned. The curve starts off with a high FPR and TPR as the model is tuned to be more accurate. The curve eventually reaches a point of equilibrium where the FPR and TPR are both low.	roc curve	Use an analogy to explain roc curve (machine learning).
Segmentation is like a human brain. The brain takes in a lot of data (sights, sounds, smells, etc.), and then it segments that data into smaller pieces so that it can be better understood. The brain does this by recognizing patterns and similarities in the data. Once the data is segmented, the brain can then focus on understanding each individual piece of data.	segmentation	Use an analogy to explain segmentation (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in an input (a set of training data) and outputs a prediction. The specificity of the machine learning algorithm is determined by how well it can learn from the training data and produce accurate predictions. The more specific the machine learning algorithm is, the better it will be at learning the specific characteristics of the data and making accurate predictions.	specificity	Use an analogy to explain specificity (machine learning).
Supervised learning is like a teacher giving a student a worksheet with problems to solve. The teacher is there to help the student if they get stuck, but the student is ultimately responsible for solving the problems. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm is given a set of training data (the worksheet) and is responsible for learning how to solve the problems (the tasks). The algorithm is helped by a human supervisor who corrects any mistakes the algorithm makes and provides feedback on how it can improve.	supervised learning	Use an analogy to explain supervised learning (machine learning).
A test set is like a practice exam you would take before the real test. The test set is used to help you become familiar with the types of questions that will be asked on the real test, and to help you practice answering them. The test set is not actually part of the test, and the answers you get on the test set will not count towards your score.	test set	Use an analogy to explain test set (machine learning).
A training set is like a teacher. The teacher provides examples (training data) to help the student learn. The student uses the examples to learn the correct answer. After the student has learned the answer, the teacher provides new examples to help the student continue to learn.	training set	Use an analogy to explain training set (machine learning).
Transfer learning is like teaching a second language. The first time you learn a new language, it is difficult because you have to learn all the new words and grammar rules. But if you already know a language, it is much easier to learn a new language because you can use your knowledge of the first language to help you learn the new language.	transfer learning	Use an analogy to explain transfer learning (machine learning).
The true positive rate is the percentage of positive examples that a machine learning algorithm correctly identifies as being positive.	true positive rate	Use an analogy to explain true positive rate (machine learning).
Type 1 error is like a person who is wearing a blindfold and is trying to hit a target. They are swinging their arm around and sometimes they hit the target, and sometimes they don't. The amount of times they hit the target is the amount of accuracy they have. The amount of times they don't hit the target is the amount of false positives they have.	type 1 error	Use an analogy to explain type 1 error (machine learning).
Type 2 error is like a person who is trying to learn a new skill, such as a new language. In this analogy, the person is trying to learn the new language by listening to audio recordings. If the person only listens to recordings that are in their native language, they are likely to make a type 2 error, which is the error of not learning the new language.	type 2 error	Use an analogy to explain type 2 error (machine learning).
Underfitting is like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. The machine learning algorithm is not able to find the correct pattern in the data and therefore is not able to make accurate predictions.	underfitting	Use an analogy to explain underfitting (machine learning).
The universal approximation theorem is similar to the way that a computer can be programmed to be able to do any task that is possible with a certain level of precision. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm can be taught to approximate any function, given enough data.	universal approximation theorem	Use an analogy to explain universal approximation theorem (machine learning).
Unsupervised learning is like a baby learning to talk. The baby is not given any instructions on how to speak, but instead just observes the world around them and listens to the conversations of others. Over time, the baby will gradually learn the rules of language and be able to speak fluently.	unsupervised learning	Use an analogy to explain unsupervised learning (machine learning).
A validation set is like a group of people who are used to test how well a machine learning algorithm is working. The validation set is used to make sure that the machine learning algorithm is working well and is not just memorizing the data.	validation set	Use an analogy to explain validation set (machine learning).
Variance is like the difference between the average of a group of numbers and the individual numbers within the group. For example, if you have a group of five numbers, the average of the group is 3.6. However, the individual numbers within the group range from 2.8 to 4.2. This difference between the average and the individual numbers is the variance. In machine learning, variance is used to measure how spread out a set of data is. This information can be used to determine how well a machine learning algorithm is able to fit the data.	variance	Use an analogy to explain variance (machine learning).
A/B testing is like a scientist testing two different theories about how something works. They will have a hypothesis for each theory and then test them against each other. They will see which theory is more accurate by seeing which one has the most evidence to support it.	a/b testing	Use an analogy to explain a/b testing (machine learning).
Action is like a machine learning algorithm. It is a process that allows us to learn from our experiences and make better decisions in the future.	action	Use an analogy to explain action (machine learning).
A machine learning activation function can be thought of as a "gate" or "filter" that decides whether or not a particular input value is significant enough to be passed on to the next layer of the machine learning algorithm. The activation function can be thought of as a way of "squashing" or "compressing" the input values so that they are all of a similar magnitude, which makes the machine learning algorithm more efficient and easier to train.	activation function	Use an analogy to explain activation function (machine learning).
Active learning is like a person learning a new language. The person is not just sitting in a classroom and listening to a teacher talk. The person is also out in the world speaking with people who are native speakers of the language. The person is constantly practicing and learning.	active learning	Use an analogy to explain active learning (machine learning).
Adagrad is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to gradient descent, but it uses a moving average of the gradient to reduce the amount of learning in each step.	adagrad	Use an analogy to explain adagrad (machine learning).
An analogy for agent learning would be a computer that is constantly learning and updating its software based on new information it receives. The computer is constantly trying to improve its performance and accuracy by analyzing the data it is given.	agent	Use an analogy to explain agent (machine learning).
Agglomerative clustering is like sorting a pile of mixed-up candy into separate piles of like-colored candy. At first, the candy is all mixed together and it's hard to tell what color is what. But as you keep sorting, the piles get smaller and smaller until you have separate piles of red candy, blue candy, and so on.	agglomerative clustering	Use an analogy to explain agglomerative clustering (machine learning).
Anomaly detection is like a security guard at a door. The security guard is looking for people who are not supposed to be at the door. People who are not supposed to be at the door are called anomalies.	anomaly detection	Use an analogy to explain anomaly detection (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a computer program that can learn how to do things on its own by analyzing data. It is similar to how humans learn - we observe things and then learn from our observations.	ar	Use an analogy to explain ar (machine learning).
The area under the pr curve is similar to the area under a curve on a graph that represents the probability of something happening. Just as the area under the curve can be used to calculate the probability of something happening, the area under the pr curve can be used to calculate the probability of something happening given a certain number of observations.	area under the pr curve	Use an analogy to explain area under the pr curve (machine learning).
The area under the roc curve is similar to the area under a curve on a graph that is used to measure how well a machine learning algorithm is performing. The higher the area under the curve, the better the machine learning algorithm is performing.	area under the roc curve	Use an analogy to explain area under the roc curve (machine learning).
Artificial general intelligence is like a human brain. It can learn and understand new things on its own, and it can also figure out how to apply what it knows to new situations.	artificial general intelligence	Use an analogy to explain artificial general intelligence (machine learning).
Artificial intelligence is like a toddler. It is new to the world, and is constantly learning and growing. It starts off with a basic understanding of the world, and then builds on that knowledge as it experiences more of the world. Machine learning is the process of teaching artificial intelligence to learn on its own.	artificial intelligence	Use an analogy to explain artificial intelligence (machine learning).
Attention can be thought of as a machine learning algorithm that is able to learn how to focus on specific parts of an input data set. It can be used to identify important features or patterns in the data that can then be used to make better decisions or predictions.	attention	Use an analogy to explain attention (machine learning).
Auc is the area under the roc curve. It is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm can distinguish between two classes of data.	auc (area under the roc curve)	Use an analogy to explain auc (area under the roc curve) (machine learning).
Augmented reality is like a teacher. The teacher is always there to help you, but they also give you the opportunity to learn on your own. The teacher is always there to help you, but they also give you the opportunity to learn on your own.	augmented reality	Use an analogy to explain augmented reality (machine learning).
If you think of the brain as a computer, then automation bias would be like a computer program that is designed to learn and make decisions on its own. The program is designed to recognize patterns and make decisions based on those patterns.	automation bias	Use an analogy to explain automation bias (machine learning).
If you think of machine learning as a microscope, then the average precision would be the average number of times the microscope correctly identified a bacterium on a slide.	average precision	Use an analogy to explain average precision (machine learning).
Backpropagation is a bit like teaching a child to read. You start with teaching them the alphabet, and then you move on to teaching them how to put those letters together to form words, and then how to put those words together to form sentences. With each step, you feedback to them what they did well and what they could do better. Backpropagation works in a similar way, by teaching a machine how to learn from its mistakes.	backpropagation	Use an analogy to explain backpropagation (machine learning).
A bag of words is a machine learning model that takes a text document as input and produces a list of the words that appeared in the document, along with a count of how often each word appeared.	bag of words	Use an analogy to explain bag of words (machine learning).
Baseline is like the foundation of a house. It is the starting point and is essential for the stability of the house. In machine learning, baseline is the starting point for training a model. It is used to calculate the error of the model and to improve the model's accuracy.	baseline	Use an analogy to explain baseline (machine learning).
Batch machine learning is like making a cake. You mix all the ingredients together, put it in the oven, and wait until it's done. You can't really do anything else until the cake is done.With online machine learning, it's more like making a pizza. You can put the ingredients on the pizza as they're ready, and you can cook it a little bit at a time.	batch	Use an analogy to explain batch (machine learning).
Batch normalization is a technique used in machine learning to reduce the variance of a neural network's output. It works by adjusting the input of each neuron so that its output is more consistent (i.e. has a lower variance) across different batches of training data. This makes it easier for the neural network to learn the correct mapping between input and output values, and ultimately leads to better performance.An analogy for batch normalization would be to think of a classroom of students. If each student's grade was based on a different test, then the grades would be highly variable and it would be difficult to determine who is the best student. However, if the grades are based on a average of all the tests, then the grades are more consistent and it is easier to determine who is the best student. This is analogous to how batch normalization works in a neural network - it adjusts the input so that the output is more consistent, which makes it easier for the neural network to learn the correct mapping between input and output values.	batch normalization	Use an analogy to explain batch normalization (machine learning).
Batch size is the number of data points that are used to train a machine learning algorithm. The larger the batch size, the more accurate the machine learning algorithm will be. However, the larger the batch size, the longer it will take to train the machine learning algorithm.	batch size	Use an analogy to explain batch size (machine learning).
A bayesian neural network is like a group of people who have never met before, but who are all experts in a particular topic. The people are randomly divided into groups, and each group is given a different task related to the topic. The groups then work together to come up with a solution to the task. After the groups have finished working, they come together to share their solutions. The people in each group then use the solutions from the other groups to come up with a final solution.	bayesian neural network	Use an analogy to explain bayesian neural network (machine learning).
Bayesian optimization is like a treasure hunt. You are looking for a valuable treasure, and you have a map that tells you where the treasure is hidden, but the map is not perfect. You also have a bag of coins, and each time you find a location where the treasure might be hidden, you toss a coin to see if it is really there. If the coin comes up heads, you mark the spot on the map and move on. If the coin comes up tails, you go back to the last spot you marked on the map and keep looking.	bayesian optimization	Use an analogy to explain bayesian optimization (machine learning).
The bellman equation is a machine learning equation that is used to calculate the value of a function. The equation is used to calculate the best action to take in order to maximize the value of the function.	bellman equation	Use an analogy to explain bellman equation (machine learning).
Bert is like a transformer that can change voltage from high to low or low to high. It takes an input (voltage) and transforms it into an output (voltage).	bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers)	Use an analogy to explain bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers) (machine learning).
When you are bias in machine learning, you are essentially telling the machine what to look for. You are essentially "teaching" the machine what you believe is important, and what you believe is not important. This can be helpful in certain cases, but it can also lead to inaccurate results if you are not careful.	bias (ethics/fairness)	Use an analogy to explain bias (ethics/fairness) (machine learning).
A biased coin is one that has been tampered with so that it comes up heads more often than tails. This can be done by making the weight of the coin more towards the head side, or by cutting a groove into the coin so that it is more likely to flip over on its side. In the same way, a biased machine learning algorithm is one that has been tweaked so that it is more likely to give the correct answer than to give an incorrect answer. This can be done by adjusting the algorithm's parameters so that it is more likely to find the correct answer, or by adding more data that is known to be correct so that the algorithm is more likely to learn the correct answer from that data.	bias (math)	Use an analogy to explain bias (math) (machine learning).
Bigram is machine learning is like a person learning a new language. The person starts by learning basic words and phrases. As they learn more, they start to put together words and phrases to create longer sentences. Eventually, they are able to have a conversation in the new language.	bigram	Use an analogy to explain bigram (machine learning).
Bidirectional machine learning can be thought of as a two-way street. Just as cars can drive in both directions on a street, data can flow in both directions between the training and testing datasets. This allows the machine learning algorithm to learn from the data in the testing dataset and improve its performance.	bidirectional	Use an analogy to explain bidirectional (machine learning).
A bidirectional language model is like a bilingual dictionary. It can be used to translate between two languages, or to understand a text in one language by using the other language as a reference.	bidirectional language model	Use an analogy to explain bidirectional language model (machine learning).
Binary classification is like sorting a deck of cards. The cards are first divided into two piles, and then each pile is sorted into two more piles. This process is repeated until each card is in its own pile.	binary classification	Use an analogy to explain binary classification (machine learning).
Binning is a machine learning technique that is used to group similar items together. For example, you could use binning to group all of the fruits together. This would make it easier to find all of the fruits in the grocery store because they would be in one place.	binning	Use an analogy to explain binning (machine learning).
Bleu is a measure of how close a machine learning algorithm’s predictions are to the actual values. It is used to evaluate the quality of a machine learning algorithm’s predictions.	bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy)	Use an analogy to explain bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy) (machine learning).
Boosting is a machine learning technique that is used to improve the accuracy of a classifier. It does this by taking a set of weak classifiers and combining them into a stronger classifier.	boosting	Use an analogy to explain boosting (machine learning).
A bounding box is like a frame around a picture. It is used to help identify and isolate the object in the picture. In machine learning, a bounding box is used to help identify and isolate the object in a picture (or other data) so that it can be more easily analyzed.	bounding box	Use an analogy to explain bounding box (machine learning).
Broadcasting is like a loudspeaker. It takes a single input and amplifies it so that it can be heard by many people. In the same way, machine learning takes a single input (e.g. data) and amplifies it so that it can be used to learn from and make predictions about.	broadcasting	Use an analogy to explain broadcasting (machine learning).
Bucketing is like when you are in school and your teacher splits the class into groups to do a project. The teacher puts you in a group with people who have similar skills to you so that the project can be completed successfully.	bucketing	Use an analogy to explain bucketing (machine learning).
A calibration layer in machine learning is similar to the white balance setting on a camera. It is used to ensure that the colors in an image are accurate. In the same way, a calibration layer in machine learning is used to ensure that the data is accurate.	calibration layer	Use an analogy to explain calibration layer (machine learning).
Candidate generation is a bit like sifting through a pile of rocks to find a precious gem. The rocks are the data, and the gems are the desired outcomes (in this analogy, the gems are the candidates that the machine learning algorithm is trying to find). The machine learning algorithm starts by sifting through all of the data to find all of the rocks. It then starts to eliminate the rocks that are not gem-like in nature. It does this by looking at the features of the rocks and determining which features are necessary for a rock to be a gem. It then eliminates all of the rocks that do not have the necessary features. The process of elimination continues until only the gems are left.	candidate generation	Use an analogy to explain candidate generation (machine learning).
Candidate sampling is like when you are looking for a new job. You may send out resumes to many companies, but only go to a few job interviews. The companies you go to interview with are the "candidates" that you are sampling from.	candidate sampling	Use an analogy to explain candidate sampling (machine learning).
Categorical data is like a deck of cards. The cards are divided into different suits (clubs, hearts, spades, diamonds) and ranks (A, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, J, Q, K). Just as you can draw different cards from a deck, you can get different values for categorical data. For example, you might draw the ace of clubs, the two of hearts, and the three of spades.	categorical data	Use an analogy to explain categorical data (machine learning).
A causal language model is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the next word in a text sequence. The algorithm is trained on a corpus of text data, and it uses a probabilistic model to predict the most likely next word in the sequence.	causal language model	Use an analogy to explain causal language model (machine learning).
Centroid is like the center of a target. It is the point around which all the other points cluster. In machine learning, the centroid is the most important parameter for determining the class of a data point.	centroid	Use an analogy to explain centroid (machine learning).
Centroid-based clustering is similar to a school of fish. The fish are all together in a group, but they are not all in the same spot. The centroid is the middle of the group, and the fish are closest to the centroid.	centroid-based clustering	Use an analogy to explain centroid-based clustering (machine learning).
A good analogy for co-adaptation is the way that the Google search engine has learned to better understand the meaning of words over time. Initially, the search engine would simply match up keywords in a query with the corresponding pages on the internet. However, over time, the search engine has gotten better at understanding the context of words and the relationships between them. This has allowed it to provide more relevant results to users.	co-adaptation	Use an analogy to explain co-adaptation (machine learning).
Collaborative filtering is like a group of people who all know each other well, and are each experts in different areas. If someone needs advice on a topic, they can go to the group and ask for recommendations from people who are knowledgeable in that area.	collaborative filtering	Use an analogy to explain collaborative filtering (machine learning).
When you are learning to drive a car, you are likely to pay more attention to the times when you make a mistake than when you drive smoothly. This is because your brain is trying to learn from your mistakes so that you don't make them again. In the same way, machine learning algorithms are more likely to pay attention to the times when they make a mistake, in order to learn from them.	confirmation bias	Use an analogy to explain confirmation bias (machine learning).
Continuous feature is like a machine learning "filter" that can be tuned to better recognize certain patterns or features in data. The filter can be adjusted to better suit the specific needs of the application or task at hand.	continuous feature	Use an analogy to explain continuous feature (machine learning).
Convenience sampling is like when you are at the grocery store and you only pick the items that are easy to reach. This is similar to how machine learning algorithms work because they only use the data that is easy to reach.	convenience sampling	Use an analogy to explain convenience sampling (machine learning).
A convex function is like a machine learning algorithm that is able to find a global minimum or maximum for a given function. It can be thought of as a hill-climbing algorithm that is able to find the best possible solution for a given problem.	convex function	Use an analogy to explain convex function (machine learning).
Convex optimization is like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. You keep trying different angles and positions until the peg finally fits. With machine learning, you are trying to find the best angle and position for your data so that it fits into a model.	convex optimization	Use an analogy to explain convex optimization (machine learning).
A convex set is like a bowl. It has a curved surface and everything inside the bowl is also curved. This makes it easy to scoop everything up in the bowl.	convex set	Use an analogy to explain convex set (machine learning).
Convolution is like a recipe. You have a list of ingredients and a set of instructions on how to put them together. Convolutional neural networks are like a kitchen. They have all the ingredients (the layers) and the instructions (the weights) to create a prediction.	convolution	Use an analogy to explain convolution (machine learning).
A convolutional filter is like a set of sunglasses that alters the way you see the world. The sunglasses filter out certain wavelengths of light, and change the way the light is reflected off of objects. This changes the way that you see the world, and can make it easier or harder to see certain objects.	convolutional filter	Use an analogy to explain convolutional filter (machine learning).
Convolutional layer is like a filter that is applied to an image. The filter can be used to enhance or change the image.	convolutional layer	Use an analogy to explain convolutional layer (machine learning).
A convolutional neural network can be thought of as a set of filters that are applied to an input image. The filters are designed to recognize certain features in the image, such as edges or corners. As the input image is processed, the filters will "learn" to recognize these features, and the network will be able to identify objects in the image.	convolutional neural network	Use an analogy to explain convolutional neural network (machine learning).
Convolutional operation is like a filter that is applied to an image. The filter can be used to enhance or modify the image.	convolutional operation	Use an analogy to explain convolutional operation (machine learning).
The cost of a machine learning algorithm can be thought of as the price of admission. It is the amount of time and resources required to train the algorithm. The cost is also a measure of how well the algorithm performs on a given task. Algorithms with a higher cost are more accurate but require more time and resources to train.	cost	Use an analogy to explain cost (machine learning).
Co-training is a machine learning technique that uses two or more learning algorithms to jointly learn a task. The algorithms work together to identify patterns in the data and to improve the accuracy of the predictions.	co-training	Use an analogy to explain co-training (machine learning).
Counterfactual fairness is like a machine learning algorithm that is able to identify patterns in data and make predictions about how a particular decision would have changed the outcome if it were different. This allows the algorithm to identify any potential biases in the data and make adjustments to ensure that the predictions are as fair as possible.	counterfactual fairness	Use an analogy to explain counterfactual fairness (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm may be biased if it is more likely to learn from examples that are from one particular sub-population, rather than from the full population. For example, if the machine learning algorithm is being trained on a dataset that is biased towards a particular gender, it may be more likely to learn to recognize patterns that are specific to that gender. This could lead to the machine learning algorithm displaying a bias against members of the other gender.	coverage bias	Use an analogy to explain coverage bias (machine learning).
A crash blossom is a machine learning term that is used to describe a situation where a machine learning algorithm has been trained on a dataset that is not representative of the real world. As a result, the machine learning algorithm is not able to accurately predict the real world.	crash blossom	Use an analogy to explain crash blossom (machine learning).
A critic is a machine learning algorithm that is used to evaluate the performance of other machine learning algorithms. It can be used to determine how well a particular algorithm is performing, and it can also be used to determine how well a set of data is being processed by a machine learning algorithm.	critic	Use an analogy to explain critic (machine learning).
Cross-entropy is a measure of how different two probability distributions are. It is often used in machine learning, where it is used to calculate the error of a machine learning algorithm.	cross-entropy	Use an analogy to explain cross-entropy (machine learning).
Cross-validation is like a teacher using several tests to determine how well a student is learning. The teacher gives the student a test, then uses the student's results to create a new test. The teacher then gives the student the new test and uses the student's results to create a new test. This process continues until the teacher is confident in the student's ability to answer the questions.	cross-validation	Use an analogy to explain cross-validation (machine learning).
Data analysis is like a detective investigating a crime. The detective gathers evidence (data) and uses it to figure out what happened. Data analysis is also like a scientist experimenting in a lab. The scientist gathers data (evidence) and uses it to figure out what happened and why.	data analysis	Use an analogy to explain data analysis (machine learning).
Data augmentation is like adding more ingredients to a recipe. The more ingredients you add, the more flavors you get. The same is true for data augmentation. The more data you add, the more flavors you get in your machine learning models. This helps your models learn more accurately from data.	data augmentation	Use an analogy to explain data augmentation (machine learning).
A decision boundary is like a fence. It is a boundary that helps to define what is inside and outside of an area. In machine learning, a decision boundary is used to separate data that is to be used to train a machine learning algorithm from data that is not to be used.	decision boundary	Use an analogy to explain decision boundary (machine learning).
A decision threshold is like a speed limit. You can go faster, but only if you're willing to pay the price. The same is true for machine learning. You can get more accurate results by increasing the number of data points you use to train your model, but at a cost. The more data you use, the more time and resources you need to train your model. You also need to be careful not to overfit your data, which can lead to inaccurate predictions.	decision threshold	Use an analogy to explain decision threshold (machine learning).
A decision tree is like a flowchart. It is a visual representation of the decision-making process. It starts with a question, and then branches out into different possible answers. Each branch leads to a new question, and the process continues until a final decision is made.	decision tree	Use an analogy to explain decision tree (machine learning).
Deep learning is like a human brain. The brain has many layers of neurons, and each layer is connected to the next. The deeper the layer, the more complex the information. The brain can learn by itself by adjusting the connections between the neurons.	deep model	Use an analogy to explain deep model (machine learning).
A decoder is a machine learning algorithm that is used to convert a compressed representation of data into the original data. The compressed representation is typically smaller in size than the original data, which makes it more efficient to store and transmit. The decoder is able to reconstruct the original data by using a model that is trained on a dataset that is similar to the data that is being compressed.	decoder	Use an analogy to explain decoder (machine learning).
Deep neural networks are similar to the human brain in that they are composed of a large number of interconnected processing nodes, or neurons, that can learn to recognize patterns of input data. Just as the human brain can learn to identify objects, faces, and spoken words, a deep neural network can learn to recognize patterns in data.	deep neural network	Use an analogy to explain deep neural network (machine learning).
Deep q-network (dqn) is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to a deep neural network, except that it is specifically designed to learn how to play games.	deep q-network (dqn)	Use an analogy to explain deep q-network (dqn) (machine learning).
Demographic parity is like a machine learning algorithm that is able to learn from data and improve its performance over time. The more data it has to work with, the better it becomes at predicting outcomes.	demographic parity	Use an analogy to explain demographic parity (machine learning).
Denoising is like cleaning up a messy room. You have to get rid of all the clutter and make everything look neat and tidy. Denoising algorithms help to clean up noisy data so that it is easier to understand and work with.	denoising	Use an analogy to explain denoising (machine learning).
Dense feature is like a dense forest. It is full of trees and it is difficult to see through the forest.	dense feature	Use an analogy to explain dense feature (machine learning).
Dense layer is a machine learning technique that is used to improve the accuracy of a neural network. It works by adding more neurons to the hidden layer of the network. This allows the network to learn more complex patterns and improve its accuracy.	dense layer	Use an analogy to explain dense layer (machine learning).
Depth in machine learning is similar to depth in photography. Just as a photograph has a depth of field that determines how much of the photograph is in focus, a machine learning algorithm has a depth of field that determines how much of the data is in focus. The depth of field can be increased by increasing the number of layers in the machine learning algorithm.	depth	Use an analogy to explain depth (machine learning).
A depthwise separable convolutional neural network is like a group of people who are each looking at a different part of a painting. They can all see different parts of the painting, and they can all see the painting as a whole.	depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn)	Use an analogy to explain depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) (machine learning).
Dimension reduction is like when you go to the store and you only have a small car, but you need to buy a lot of groceries. You can either put a lot of groceries in the car at once or you can go to the store multiple times. Dimension reduction is like going to the store multiple times. You can reduce the number of dimensions in your data by splitting it up into multiple parts and then combining the parts back together.	dimension reduction	Use an analogy to explain dimension reduction (machine learning).
Dimensions are like the different parts of a machine. The different parts all work together to make the machine work. In the same way, the different dimensions in machine learning all work together to make the machine learning process work.	dimensions	Use an analogy to explain dimensions (machine learning).
A discrete feature is like a single pixel in an image. It is a very small unit of information that is easy to identify and work with. In machine learning, discrete features are often used to identify patterns and trends in data.	discrete feature	Use an analogy to explain discrete feature (machine learning).
A discriminative model is like a person who can see the difference between a cat and a dog. The person can look at two animals and say that one is a cat and one is a dog. The person has learned to discriminate between the two animals.	discriminative model	Use an analogy to explain discriminative model (machine learning).
A discriminator is a machine learning algorithm that is used to distinguish between two classes of objects. For example, a discriminator could be used to distinguish between pictures of cats and pictures of dogs.	discriminator	Use an analogy to explain discriminator (machine learning).
If you think of the world as a big jigsaw puzzle, disparate impact is when one or more pieces of the puzzle are missing, preventing the puzzle from being completed. In the context of machine learning, disparate impact is when an algorithm is unable to learn from a data set because of a lack of diversity in the data. This can be caused by a lack of data points from different groups, or by a lack of variation in the data points from different groups.	disparate impact	Use an analogy to explain disparate impact (machine learning).
If you have two students, one who is a straight-A student and one who is a struggling student, and you give them both a test, the straight-A student is going to do better on the test than the struggling student. This is disparate treatment. The straight-A student is getting a better opportunity than the struggling student.	disparate treatment	Use an analogy to explain disparate treatment (machine learning).
One way to think of divisive clustering is to imagine that you are a judge at a beauty pageant. You have a group of 10 contestants, and you need to divide them into two groups. You could put all of the beautiful contestants in one group and all of the ugly contestants in the other group, but that would be too easy. A better solution would be to divide the contestants into two groups based on their beauty. The beautiful contestants would be in one group and the ugly contestants would be in the other group. This is the basic idea behind divisive clustering.	divisive clustering	Use an analogy to explain divisive clustering (machine learning).
Downsampling is like when you are looking at a picture on your phone and you zoom in. The more you zoom in, the more detail you can see. Downsampling is like when you zoom out on the picture. The less detail you can see.	downsampling	Use an analogy to explain downsampling (machine learning).
A computer is like a brain. It can learn and make decisions by itself.	dqn	Use an analogy to explain dqn (machine learning).
If you are baking a cake, you would not continue to mix the batter after it has reached the desired consistency. This would be analogous to early stopping in machine learning, where you would stop training the model when it has reached the desired level of accuracy.	early stopping	Use an analogy to explain early stopping (machine learning).
Earth mover's distance is a measure of how different two probability distributions are. It is similar to the Euclidean distance, but takes into account the probability of each point. This makes it better suited for measuring the difference between distributions that are not necessarily linearly separable.	earth mover's distance (emd)	Use an analogy to explain earth mover's distance (emd) (machine learning).
Embeddings are a bit like translations of a text from one language to another. You can think of the original text as an array of numbers, and the translation as another array of numbers. The two arrays are related, so that if you know the translation for a particular number in the original array, you can find the corresponding number in the translated array.	embeddings	Use an analogy to explain embeddings (machine learning).
Embedding space is like a map. It takes a bunch of points (like addresses) and plots them on a map (like Google Maps). It then assigns a coordinate to each point so that they can be easily found and interacted with. Embedding space can then be used to find all the points near a certain address, or all the points that are a certain distance away from a certain address.	embedding space	Use an analogy to explain embedding space (machine learning).
Empirical risk minimization is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and trying to minimize the error in its predictions. It is constantly adjusting its predictions based on the data that it has seen so far.	empirical risk minimization (erm)	Use an analogy to explain empirical risk minimization (erm) (machine learning).
Encoder is like a teacher. It takes input (lessons) and provides output (knowledge).	encoder	Use an analogy to explain encoder (machine learning).
An ensemble is a group of musicians who play together. The different instruments and voices create a fuller, richer sound than if each musician played alone.In the same way, ensemble learning uses multiple algorithms to create a more accurate prediction than any individual algorithm. By combining the predictions of several algorithms, the ensemble can avoid overfitting on the training data and generalize better to new data.	ensemble	Use an analogy to explain ensemble (machine learning).
The environment is like the teacher in a classroom. The teacher provides feedback to the students on their work. The environment in machine learning is like the teacher in a classroom, providing feedback to the students on their work.	environment	Use an analogy to explain environment (machine learning).
Episode is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and adapting to its surroundings. It is constantly taking in new information and adjusting its actions accordingly.	episode	Use an analogy to explain episode (machine learning).
The epsilon greedy policy is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to the greedy algorithm, but it allows for a small amount of randomness or exploration in order to find a better solution. This policy is useful when the best solution is not obvious, and it helps to avoid getting stuck in a local optimum.	epsilon greedy policy	Use an analogy to explain epsilon greedy policy (machine learning).
Equality of opportunity is like a machine learning algorithm. It is a way to ensure that everyone has an equal chance of succeeding, regardless of their starting point. It is a way to ensure that everyone has an equal chance of reaching their goals, regardless of their background or circumstances.	equality of opportunity	Use an analogy to explain equality of opportunity (machine learning).
If you have a fair coin, the odds of flipping heads are 50%. If you have two fair coins, the odds of flipping two heads in a row are 25%. If you have three fair coins, the odds of flipping three heads in a row are 8.3%.	equalized odds	Use an analogy to explain equalized odds (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a computer program that is constantly learning and improving its performance as it goes. It is like a human that is constantly learning and improving their skills as they go.	example	Use an analogy to explain example (machine learning).
Experience replay is a technique used in machine learning, similar to how humans learn. When a person learns a new skill, they often practice it over and over again. This allows them to remember the skill and perform it better the next time. Machine learning works in a similar way. By practicing a task multiple times, the machine learning algorithm can remember the task and perform it better the next time.	experience replay	Use an analogy to explain experience replay (machine learning).
When you are learning to drive a car, you are biased towards learning how to drive on the right side of the road. This is because you are exposed to more right-side-of-the-road driving than left-side-of-the-road driving. The same is true for machine learning algorithms - they are biased towards the algorithms that they are exposed to more often.	experimenter's bias	Use an analogy to explain experimenter's bias (machine learning).
The gradient problem is similar to a water balloon. Imagine you have a balloon filled with water and you want to make a small hole in the balloon to let the water out. If you make the hole too close to the balloon's opening, the water will flow out quickly and the balloon will explode. If you make the hole too far from the opening, the water will flow out slowly and the balloon will not explode. You need to find the right spot to make the hole so that the water flows out at the desired speed.The gradient problem is similar to this because the gradient tells you how fast the water (or in this case, the error) is flowing out of the balloon (or in this case, the model). If the gradient is too large, the model will over-correct and the error will explode. If the gradient is too small, the model will not learn properly and the error will not decrease. You need to find the right size gradient so that the model can learn effectively without over-correcting.	exploding gradient problem	Use an analogy to explain exploding gradient problem (machine learning).
A fairness constraint is like a speed limit on a road. It is a limit on how fast data can be processed in order to ensure that all data is treated equally.	fairness constraint	Use an analogy to explain fairness constraint (machine learning).
A fairness metric is like a ruler. It is used to measure how fair a machine learning algorithm is.	fairness metric	Use an analogy to explain fairness metric (machine learning).
Federated learning is a machine learning technique where the training data is distributed across multiple devices. The devices work together to learn a common model that can be used to make predictions.	federated learning	Use an analogy to explain federated learning (machine learning).
A feedback loop is like a machine learning algorithm. It is a system that learns from experience and makes adjustments accordingly. The feedback loop is constantly monitoring the results of its own actions and making changes to ensure that the desired outcome is achieved.	feedback loop	Use an analogy to explain feedback loop (machine learning).
A feedforward neural network is a bit like a human brain. The 'neurons' in the ffnet are like the brain cells, and they are connected together in a similar way to how brain cells are connected. The ffnet can be trained to recognise patterns in data, just like the brain can be trained to recognise patterns in the world.	feedforward neural network (ffn)	Use an analogy to explain feedforward neural network (ffn) (machine learning).
Machine learning is like teaching a child to read. At first, the child is given just a few words to learn at a time. Over time, the child is given more words to learn, and is eventually able to read fluently.	few-shot learning	Use an analogy to explain few-shot learning (machine learning).
Fine tuning is like adjusting the knobs on a machine to get it to do what you want. You keep adjusting the knobs until the machine does what you want it to do. With machine learning, you are adjusting the knobs until the machine learns how to do what you want it to do.	fine tuning	Use an analogy to explain fine tuning (machine learning).
Forget gate is like a computer that deletes information after it is no longer needed. This is helpful for keeping computers running quickly and efficiently.	forget gate	Use an analogy to explain forget gate (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm that implements the softmax function is like a teacher who is trying to figure out which student in a classroom is the best at math. The teacher starts by giving each student a math test and then ranks the students from best to worst based on their scores. The softmax algorithm works in a similar way. It takes a set of input data (in this case, the scores from a math test) and ranks the data from best to worst. But instead of just giving a single ranking, the softmax algorithm produces a list of rankings, one for each possible outcome. So, for example, if there were three students in the class and the teacher ranked them as follows:Student A: 1stStudent B: 2ndStudent C: 3rdThe softmax algorithm would produce the following rankings:Student A: 1stStudent B: 2ndStudent C: 3rd	full softmax	Use an analogy to explain full softmax (machine learning).
A fully connected layer is a type of neural network layer in which each neuron in the layer is connected to every other neuron in the layer. This type of layer is often used in deep learning networks.	fully connected layer	Use an analogy to explain fully connected layer (machine learning).
GAN is a bit like a human brain. The brain is constantly learning and refining its understanding of the world by taking in new information and comparing it to what it already knows. GAN does something similar, but it’s learning how to create digital images. It starts by trying to create a realistic image, but it’s not perfect. Then it compares the image it created to a real image, and it uses that feedback to improve its next attempt.	gan	Use an analogy to explain gan (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in an input (a set of data points) and outputs a prediction. The prediction is a result of the algorithm’s ability to learn from past data and identify patterns. The more data that is fed into the algorithm, the better it becomes at generalizing and making predictions.	generalization	Use an analogy to explain generalization (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in an input (a set of training data) and outputs a prediction. The prediction is a function of the input data, as well as the parameters of the machine learning algorithm. As the number of training data points increases, the prediction will become more accurate. This is because the machine learning algorithm will have more data to learn from, and will be able to better fit the training data to the prediction function. The curve that describes this relationship is called the generalization curve.	generalization curve	Use an analogy to explain generalization curve (machine learning).
A generalized linear model is like a recipe for a cake. You need to know the ingredients, how much of each to use, and the steps to follow. With a generalized linear model, you also need to know the types of data you are working with (e.g. categorical or numerical) and the type of relationship between the input and output variables (e.g. linear or nonlinear).	generalized linear model	Use an analogy to explain generalized linear model (machine learning).
GAN is a bit like a game of poker. In poker, two players are pitted against each other, and each player tries to win by bluffing the other. In GAN, two neural networks are pitted against each other. One network, called the generator, tries to create fake data that looks real. The other network, called the discriminator, tries to determine whether the data is fake or real. The two networks keep playing against each other, and the generator gets better and better at creating fake data, while the discriminator gets better and better at distinguishing fake data from real data.	generative adversarial network (gan)	Use an analogy to explain generative adversarial network (gan) (machine learning).
A generative model is like a recipe for a cake. You can use the recipe to generate a cake by following the instructions, or you can use the recipe to generate a cake by making some changes (e.g. adding chocolate chips). The recipe is a generative model because it can be used to generate a cake.	generative model	Use an analogy to explain generative model (machine learning).
A generator is a machine learning algorithm that is used to create new data samples. It is similar to a random number generator, which is used to create random numbers.	generator	Use an analogy to explain generator (machine learning).
GPT is a bit like a human baby. Babies are born with the ability to learn, and they learn by observing the world around them. GPT is similar – it is born with the ability to learn, and it learns by observing the text data around it.	gpt (generative pre-trained transformer)	Use an analogy to explain gpt (generative pre-trained transformer) (machine learning).
Gradient descent is a machine learning technique used to minimize a function. It works by taking small steps in the opposite direction of the gradient of the function. This allows the algorithm to find the global minimum of the function.	gradient	Use an analogy to explain gradient (machine learning).
Gradient clipping is like clipping your fingernails. You clip your nails so they are even and don't stick out. This is similar to how gradient clipping works in machine learning. You clip the gradient so that it is even and doesn't stick out. This prevents the gradient from becoming too large and causing over-fitting.	gradient clipping	Use an analogy to explain gradient clipping (machine learning).
A greedy policy in machine learning is akin to a person who is always looking to make the most money possible. This person is always on the lookout for opportunities to make more money, even if it means sacrificing other things in the process. Similarly, a greedy policy in machine learning is always looking for ways to make the most profit possible, even if it means sacrificing other aspects of the learning process.	greedy policy	Use an analogy to explain greedy policy (machine learning).
Ground truth is like a teacher in a classroom. The teacher is always right and can be trusted to give accurate information. The teacher is the ground truth for the students in the classroom. In the same way, ground truth is the gold standard for machine learning algorithms. It is the data against which all other data is measured and is the most accurate source of information.	ground truth	Use an analogy to explain ground truth (machine learning).
Group attribution bias is similar to the way a machine learning algorithm works. The algorithm is given a set of data (the group), and it is then able to learn and make predictions about new data based on the patterns it finds in the group. The algorithm is not biased by any individual data point, but instead looks at the group as a whole to find trends. This is similar to the way people often make judgments about groups of people, without considering the individual members.	group attribution bias	Use an analogy to explain group attribution bias (machine learning).
Hashing is a bit like a fingerprint. Just as each person has a unique fingerprint, each piece of data has a unique hash. When you want to find a particular piece of data, you can use the hash to locate it quickly and easily.	hashing	Use an analogy to explain hashing (machine learning).
Heuristic is machine learning is like a computer being able to learn how to play chess by itself. The computer starts off not knowing how to play chess, but it uses its own experience and the experience of other computers to learn how to play chess.	heuristic	Use an analogy to explain heuristic (machine learning).
Hidden layer is like a filter in photography. It is a layer of software that is used to improve the accuracy of the results of a machine learning algorithm.	hidden layer	Use an analogy to explain hidden layer (machine learning).
Hierarchical clustering is like sorting a deck of cards. The first step is to divide the deck into two piles, then divide each of those piles in half, and so on. The end result is a pile of cards sorted by color.	hierarchical clustering	Use an analogy to explain hierarchical clustering (machine learning).
Hinge loss is similar to the way a door hinge works. If you move the door hinge too much, the door will come off its hinges. In the same way, if you move the learning algorithm too much, it will "lose" the ability to learn the desired task.	hinge loss	Use an analogy to explain hinge loss (machine learning).
A holdout set is like a final exam for a student. The student has been studying and learning all semester, and the final exam is the opportunity to show what they have learned. The final exam is also a way to determine how well the student has learned the material. The final exam is also a way to determine how well the teacher has taught the material.	holdout data	Use an analogy to explain holdout data (machine learning).
Hyperparameters are like the knobs and dials on a machine that allow you to control how it works. In machine learning, hyperparameters are the settings you can change to affect the performance of a model.	hyperparameter	Use an analogy to explain hyperparameter (machine learning).
A hyperplane is like a fence that divides a field into two parts. The fence is a straight line that goes through the middle of the field. The field is the data set that you are trying to learn about. The two parts of the field are the training data set and the test data set. The hyperplane is the dividing line between the two parts of the field.	hyperplane	Use an analogy to explain hyperplane (machine learning).
I.i.d. is like a vending machine. It is a machine that takes in an input (a coin) and gives out an output (a candy bar). The machine is always the same. It always takes in a coin and always gives out a candy bar. The machine is also random. It might give out a candy bar on the first try, or it might take a few tries. But, eventually, it will give out a candy bar.	i.i.d.	Use an analogy to explain i.i.d. (machine learning).
Image recognition is a bit like how humans learn to identify objects. We see a lot of different things in our lives, and over time we learn to associate certain features with certain objects. For example, we might learn that a square with a certain color and a certain number of sides is a stop sign. Image recognition algorithms do something similar, but they learn by looking at a lot of images of objects, and then identifying patterns in those images.	image recognition	Use an analogy to explain image recognition (machine learning).
A dataset is imbalanced when one group of items is much more common than the other. For example, if you were trying to teach a computer to identify pictures of cats, you would have an imbalanced dataset if there were far more pictures of dogs than cats. This would make it difficult for the computer to learn how to identify cats, because it would be overwhelmed by the number of pictures of dogs.	imbalanced dataset	Use an analogy to explain imbalanced dataset (machine learning).
Implicit bias is like a machine learning algorithm. It is a set of rules that are used to make a decision. The algorithm is trained on a set of data. The data is used to create a model that can be used to make a decision. The algorithm is then tested on a different set of data. The data is used to see how well the algorithm performs.	implicit bias	Use an analogy to explain implicit bias (machine learning).
Incompatibility of fairness metrics is like trying to use two different measuring cups to measure the same amount of water. The two cups will give different measurements, even if they are both labeled "1 cup." This is because the two cups have different shapes and sizes, and so they will measure different volumes of water. The same is true for fairness metrics: they will give different measurements of fairness, even if they are both labeled "fair." This is because different fairness metrics measure different aspects of fairness.	incompatibility of fairness metrics	Use an analogy to explain incompatibility of fairness metrics (machine learning).
I.i.d is like a machine that is constantly spitting out random numbers. Each number is completely independent of the others, and they are all equally likely to be any number between 0 and 9.	independently and identically distributed (i.i.d)	Use an analogy to explain independently and identically distributed (i.i.d) (machine learning).
In machine learning, individual fairness means that each individual is treated the same, regardless of their personal characteristics. This is important because it ensures that everyone is given an equal opportunity to succeed, and that no one is unfairly disadvantaged.	individual fairness	Use an analogy to explain individual fairness (machine learning).
Inference is like a detective coming to a crime scene. The detective looks at the clues (evidence) and tries to figure out what happened. Inference is also like a scientist who is doing experiments. The scientist looks at the data from the experiments and tries to figure out what is happening.	inference	Use an analogy to explain inference (machine learning).
In-group bias is similar to the way a machine learning algorithm can be biased to learn certain things more easily. For example, if an algorithm is biased to learn that certain images are more likely to be a cat, it will be more likely to identify images as cats even if they are not. This is similar to how people can be biased to think that members of their own group are more likely to be good or bad than people in other groups.	in-group bias	Use an analogy to explain in-group bias (machine learning).
The input layer is the first layer in a machine learning algorithm. This layer takes in the raw data, which is then processed by the algorithm. The input layer is important because it determines how the algorithm will learn and what it will be able to learn.	input layer	Use an analogy to explain input layer (machine learning).
Interpretability is like being able to read a book. The machine learning algorithm is like the text, and the individual data points are like the words in the text. The meaning of the text (machine learning algorithm) is determined by the combination of the words (data points), and the interpretation (understanding) of the text is dependent on the reader's understanding of the individual words.	interpretability	Use an analogy to explain interpretability (machine learning).
Inter-rater agreement is like two people agreeing on the color of a car. They may see the car in different ways, but they will both agree on the color.	inter-rater agreement	Use an analogy to explain inter-rater agreement (machine learning).
Intersection over union (iou) is a measure of how well two sets overlap. In machine learning, it is used to measure how well a model predicts the true labels of a dataset. The intersection of the set of predictions and the true labels is compared to the union of the set of predictions and the true labels. The iou is then calculated as the ratio of the intersection to the union.	intersection over union (iou)	Use an analogy to explain intersection over union (iou) (machine learning).
IOU is like a computer learning how to recognize objects in pictures. The computer is given a set of pictures with objects labeled, and it "learns" by adjusting its internal parameters so that it can correctly identify objects in new pictures.	iou	Use an analogy to explain iou (machine learning).
Item matrix is similar to a spreadsheet. It is a table that stores data in rows and columns. The table can be used to calculate values, such as the sum of a column or the average of a row.	item matrix	Use an analogy to explain item matrix (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a computer. It can be taught how to do things by being shown examples. It can also learn on its own by analyzing data.	items	Use an analogy to explain items (machine learning).
Iteration is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and improving its performance. It starts with a basic algorithm and then tweaks it based on the results of its previous performance. This process is repeated over and over until the algorithm reaches a desired level of accuracy.	iteration	Use an analogy to explain iteration (machine learning).
Keras is a machine learning library that is easy to use and understand. It is like a "machine learning Lego set" that allows you to build custom models without having to worry about the underlying details.	keras	Use an analogy to explain keras (machine learning).
An analogy for keypoints would be to think of them as the fingerprints of an image. Just as each person has a unique fingerprint, each image has its own unique keypoints. By identifying these keypoints, you can then compare two images to see if they are similar or not.	keypoints	Use an analogy to explain keypoints (machine learning).
Kernel support vector machines (ksvms) are a type of machine learning algorithm that are used to predict the probability of an event occurring. They work by using a kernel function to map the input data into a higher dimensional space. This allows the ksvms to more accurately identify the relationships between the input data and the event that is being predicted.	kernel support vector machines (ksvms)	Use an analogy to explain kernel support vector machines (ksvms) (machine learning).
K-means is a machine learning algorithm that is used to partition data into clusters. It works by assigning each data point to the cluster that it is closest to.	k-means	Use an analogy to explain k-means (machine learning).
K-median is a machine learning algorithm that is used to find the best location for a new store. The algorithm considers all of the potential locations and finds the one that is closest to the median of all of the potential customer locations.	k-median	Use an analogy to explain k-median (machine learning).
L1 loss is like a teacher grading students on a curve. The teacher wants to make sure that all students pass, but also wants to make sure that the best students are recognized for their achievements. To do this, the teacher compares each student to their classmates and assigns a grade that corresponds to how the student performed compared to the rest of the class.	l1 loss	Use an analogy to explain l1 loss (machine learning).
L1 regularization is like adding weights to a spring. The more weights you add, the more the spring will be compressed. L1 regularization does the same thing to a neural network, it makes the network more compressed and therefore more accurate.	l1 regularization	Use an analogy to explain l1 regularization (machine learning).
Loss is a bit like a car's fuel economy. It's a measure of how much energy is needed to achieve a desired outcome. In the context of machine learning, it's a measure of how effectively the model is learning from the data. A high loss means that the model is struggling to learn the desired patterns, while a low loss means that the model is learning effectively.	l2 loss	Use an analogy to explain l2 loss (machine learning).
L2 regularization can be thought of as a technique for “shrinking” a model’s parameters. In other words, it is a technique for reducing the model’s complexity. This can be helpful in cases where the model is overfitting the data (i.e., the model is too complex for the amount of data that is available). L2 regularization achieves this by penalizing models for having large parameter values.	l2 regularization	Use an analogy to explain l2 regularization (machine learning).
Labeled example is like a recipe. It is a set of instructions that tells you how to make something. In machine learning, a labeled example is a set of data that has been labeled with the correct answer. For example, if you are learning to identify different types of flowers, you might have a set of pictures that are labeled "daisy."	labeled example	Use an analogy to explain labeled example (machine learning).
Lamda is like a grammar for a natural language. Just as a grammar specifies the rules for constructing valid sentences in a language, lamda specifies the rules for constructing valid dialogue exchanges.	lamda (language model for dialogue applications)	Use an analogy to explain lamda (language model for dialogue applications) (machine learning).
Lambda is like a teacher. It is constantly learning and adjusting its teaching methods based on feedback it receives from its students.	lambda	Use an analogy to explain lambda (machine learning).
Landmarks are like signposts in the wilderness. They are useful for navigation, because they help you to orient yourself and figure out where you are. In the same way, landmarks in machine learning are useful for orienting yourself and figuring out where you are in the learning process. They help you to understand what you have learned so far, and they provide a roadmap for further learning.	landmarks	Use an analogy to explain landmarks (machine learning).
A language model is a bit like a dictionary. It is a collection of words and their definitions. A machine learning algorithm can use a language model to learn the meaning of new words.	language model	Use an analogy to explain language model (machine learning).
A large language model is like a very large dictionary. It can contain a lot of information about words and their usage. A machine learning algorithm can use this information to learn how to predict the next word in a sentence.	large language model	Use an analogy to explain large language model (machine learning).
Least squares regression is like a teacher trying to help a student learn a new skill. The teacher observes the student as they try to learn the skill and makes adjustments to help the student learn more effectively. In the context of machine learning, the teacher is the algorithm and the student is the data. The algorithm adjusts its parameters in order to minimize the error between the predicted values and the actual values.	least squares regression	Use an analogy to explain least squares regression (machine learning).
Linear model is like a simple machine learning algorithm that can be used to predict the outcome of a given event. It is a basic model that can be used to understand how different factors may influence the result.	linear model	Use an analogy to explain linear model (machine learning).
Linear regression is like a teacher. The teacher is given a set of data (the students' test scores) and a goal (the average test score for the class). The teacher then uses the data to create a model that predicts how each student will score on future tests.	linear regression	Use an analogy to explain linear regression (machine learning).
Logistic regression is a machine learning technique used to predict the probability of a particular event occurring, based on observed data. It can be thought of as a function that takes in a set of input variables (X) and outputs a predicted probability (P) of the event occurring. The logistic regression algorithm uses a technique called gradient descent to find the best possible fit for the data, and to calculate the predicted probability for each event.	logistic regression	Use an analogy to explain logistic regression (machine learning).
Logits are like the volume of a sound. The louder the sound, the higher the logit.	logits	Use an analogy to explain logits (machine learning).
Log loss is a bit like a bank robber. It is a measure of how successful a machine learning algorithm is at predicting the correct outcome for a given data set. The lower the log loss, the more accurate the predictions.	log loss	Use an analogy to explain log loss (machine learning).
Log-odds is a machine learning technique that is used to calculate the probability of an event occurring. It is similar to the way that a person would use odds to calculate the probability of an event occurring.	log-odds	Use an analogy to explain log-odds (machine learning).
LSTM is a bit like a bicycle. It has two pedals (short-term memory and long-term memory), a frame, handlebars, a seat, and two wheels. The pedals represent the short-term and long-term memories. The frame represents the LSTM unit, and the handlebars represent the input and output. The seat represents the input and output connections. The wheels represent the state of the short-term and long-term memories.	long short-term memory (lstm)	Use an analogy to explain long short-term memory (lstm) (machine learning).
A loss curve is a graph that plots the average loss (measured in terms of error) against the number of training examples. The loss curve is used to evaluate the performance of a machine learning algorithm.	loss curve	Use an analogy to explain loss curve (machine learning).
Loss surface is like a topographical map. It shows the different elevations of a surface and the direction of steepest descent. The loss surface for a machine learning algorithm is a graphical representation of the error or loss of the algorithm as a function of the input variables.	loss surface	Use an analogy to explain loss surface (machine learning).
Lstm is like a bicycle. It can be used to get from point A to point B, but it can also be used to do tricks.	lstm	Use an analogy to explain lstm (machine learning).
A majority class is a machine learning algorithm that can identify a pattern in a data set and then predict the most likely class for a new data point. For example, if you were using a majority class to predict whether a new customer was likely to be a loyal customer, the majority class would look at past data to identify patterns in customer behavior. It would then predict that a new customer with similar characteristics is likely to be a loyal customer.	majority class	Use an analogy to explain majority class (machine learning).
A Markov decision process (MDP) is a decision theory tool used in machine learning. It can be thought of as a model of a decision maker's environment, including the decision maker's own actions. The MDP can be used to find the best decision to make in a given situation.	markov decision process (mdp)	Use an analogy to explain markov decision process (mdp) (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a Markov chain, where the input is a sequence of data points, and the output is a sequence of predictions. The Markov chain is initialized with the first data point, and then it transitions to the next data point based on the prediction of the current data point.	markov property	Use an analogy to explain markov property (machine learning).
A masked language model is like a person who can understand what you are saying, even if you are speaking in a foreign language. The machine learning algorithm is able to "mask" the foreign language and understand the underlying meaning.	masked language model	Use an analogy to explain masked language model (machine learning).
Matplotlib is like a teacher. It can help you learn how to do things on your own, but it can also do things for you.	matplotlib	Use an analogy to explain matplotlib (machine learning).
Matrix factorization is a machine learning technique that is used to decompose a matrix into a product of two matrices. The first matrix is a lower triangular matrix, and the second matrix is an upper triangular matrix.	matrix factorization	Use an analogy to explain matrix factorization (machine learning).
Meta-learning is like teaching a computer how to learn. You are not teaching it specific things, but how to learn on its own. This is done by giving it feedback on its own performance and adjusting its learning algorithms accordingly.	meta-learning	Use an analogy to explain meta-learning (machine learning).
Metrics API is like a car's dashboard. It tells you how the car is performing and how you can improve it. The metrics API provides a way to measure the loss and accuracy of your model during training.	metrics api (tf.metrics)	Use an analogy to explain metrics api (tf.metrics) (machine learning).
Mini-batch is like making a cake. You mix all the ingredients together, put it in the oven, and wait for it to be done. You don't take it out and start eating it before it's done. You wait until it's done, then you eat it.	mini-batch	Use an analogy to explain mini-batch (machine learning).
Mini-batch stochastic gradient descent is like a person walking up a hill. They take a step forward, then they look at their surroundings and take another step based on what they see. They keep doing this until they reach the top of the hill.	mini-batch stochastic gradient descent	Use an analogy to explain mini-batch stochastic gradient descent (machine learning).
In machine learning, minimax loss is the minimization of the maximum possible loss over all possible decision paths.	minimax loss	Use an analogy to explain minimax loss (machine learning).
A minority class in machine learning is a group of data points that is significantly different from the rest of the data points in the dataset. The minority class is often used to train a machine learning algorithm, and the algorithm is then used to identify the minority class in new data sets.	minority class	Use an analogy to explain minority class (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a computer program that can learn how to do things on its own by analyzing data. It is similar to how humans learn - by observing and practicing.	ml	Use an analogy to explain ml (machine learning).
Mnist is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict whether or not an image is a picture of a handwritten digit. It works by taking in a training set of images, each of which is labeled with the digit that it is supposed to represent. The algorithm then "learns" how to distinguish between different digits by analyzing the differences between the images in the training set. Once it has learned how to do this, it can be used to predict the digit that is represented by a new image.	mnist	Use an analogy to explain mnist (machine learning).
Modality is like a computer learning how to recognize objects. The computer is given a set of images of objects, and it "learns" how to identify them by analyzing the features of the images. After it has "learned" how to identify the objects, it can then be given new images of objects and will be able to identify them.	modality	Use an analogy to explain modality (machine learning).
A model capacity is like the amount of water a water tank can hold. The more water the tank can hold, the more water it can dispense. The same is true for machine learning models. The more data the model can ingest, the more accurate it will be in predicting future events.	model capacity	Use an analogy to explain model capacity (machine learning).
A model parallelism analogy for machine learning is two people trying to learn how to ride a bike at the same time. They are both working on the same task, but they are doing it independently.	model parallelism	Use an analogy to explain model parallelism (machine learning).
Model training is like teaching a child how to ride a bike. You provide them with instructions and guidance, and then observe and help them as they practice. Over time, they learn how to ride the bike on their own. The same is true for machine learning models - you provide them with training data and guidance, and then observe and help them as they learn.	model training	Use an analogy to explain model training (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a momentum train. It starts off slowly, but as it picks up speed, it becomes harder to stop. The more data you feed it, the more it learns, and the better it gets at predicting outcomes.	momentum	Use an analogy to explain momentum (machine learning).
Multi-class classification is similar to sorting a group of objects into different categories. For example, you might sort a group of toy cars into categories based on their color: red cars, blue cars, and yellow cars. Multi-class classification is similar to this, but with more than two categories. In multi-class classification, a computer program is taught to distinguish between different categories of objects, such as different types of animals or different brands of cars.	multi-class classification	Use an analogy to explain multi-class classification (machine learning).
Multi-class logistic regression is similar to a multiple choice test. The algorithm is trying to determine which answer is the best fit for the question.	multi-class logistic regression	Use an analogy to explain multi-class logistic regression (machine learning).
Multi-head self-attention is a bit like having a conversation with someone. You are both paying attention to each other and trying to understand what the other person is saying. At the same time, you are also paying attention to your own thoughts and trying to make sure you are understanding what you are saying.	multi-head self-attention	Use an analogy to explain multi-head self-attention (machine learning).
Multimodal model is like a human. A human has many ways of sensing the world. They can see, hear, smell, touch, and taste. Multimodal model can sense the world in many ways too. It can see, hear, smell, touch, and taste data.	multimodal model	Use an analogy to explain multimodal model (machine learning).
Multinomial classification is similar to the game of bingo. In bingo, there are a number of different possible outcomes (e.g. "number 1", "number 2", "number 3", etc.), and each outcome has a different probability of occurring. In the same way, in multinomial classification, there are a number of different possible outcomes (e.g. "red", "green", "blue"), and each outcome has a different probability of occurring.	multinomial classification	Use an analogy to explain multinomial classification (machine learning).
Multinomial regression is similar to predicting the outcome of a football game. You might have data on how well different teams have played in the past, as well as other information like the weather on game day. You can use this data to predict the likelihood of each team winning.	multinomial regression	Use an analogy to explain multinomial regression (machine learning).
Nan traps are like a fishing net. They are used to catch small fish. The net is thrown into the water and the fish swim into it. The net is then pulled out of the water and the fish are caught in it.	nan trap	Use an analogy to explain nan trap (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a human learning a new language. At first, the machine doesn't understand anything. But, over time, it learns new words and phrases, and eventually can understand conversations in the new language.	natural language understanding	Use an analogy to explain natural language understanding (machine learning).
A negative class in machine learning is like a weed in a garden. It is a plant that is not wanted and needs to be removed in order to maintain the desired appearance of the garden.	negative class	Use an analogy to explain negative class (machine learning).
A neural network is a bit like the human brain. It can learn how to do things by example. For example, if you show a neural network a picture of a cat, it will learn to recognize cats in other pictures.	neural network	Use an analogy to explain neural network (machine learning).
Neurons are like machines that learn how to do things. They start off not knowing how to do anything, but they can learn by being shown how to do things. They can also learn by doing things themselves.	neuron	Use an analogy to explain neuron (machine learning).
N-gram is machine learning is like a person learning a new language. The person starts by learning basic words and phrases. As they learn more, they add more complex words and phrases to their vocabulary. N-gram is similar in that it starts with basic words and phrases and then builds on that knowledge.	n-gram	Use an analogy to explain n-gram (machine learning).
Nlu is like a computer that is constantly learning. The more data it is given, the more it can learn and improve its performance.	nlu	Use an analogy to explain nlu (machine learning).
Non-response bias is like a machine that is not working properly. The machine is not accurately processing the information it is given, which results in inaccurate data.	non-response bias	Use an analogy to explain non-response bias (machine learning).
An optimizer is like a fitness coach. It helps you to identify your weaknesses and work on them so that you can improve your performance.	optimizer	Use an analogy to explain optimizer (machine learning).
In machine learning, out-group homogeneity bias is the tendency to more easily recognize members of one's own group than members of other groups. This occurs because people are more familiar with their own group and because people tend to be more judgmental of people who are different from them.	out-group homogeneity bias	Use an analogy to explain out-group homogeneity bias (machine learning).
Parameter update is like making small tweaks to a machine in order to improve its performance. In machine learning, this usually means adjusting the values of the parameters of a model in order to get better predictions. It can be an iterative process, where you keep adjusting the parameters until you get the best results.	parameter update	Use an analogy to explain parameter update (machine learning).
A partial derivative is like taking a slice through a curved surface. You can imagine the surface as a bunch of hills and valleys, and by taking a slice through it, you can see the shape of the hills and valleys at that particular point.The same is true with machine learning. You can think of the data as a bunch of hills and valleys, and by taking a slice through it, you can see the shape of the hills and valleys at that particular point. This is what the partial derivative is able to do.	partial derivative	Use an analogy to explain partial derivative (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who is trying to learn how to recognize objects. If the only data the person has to learn from is a picture of a cat, the person will learn to recognize cats very well, but will be bad at recognizing other objects. If, however, the person also has data of other objects, the person will be better at recognizing other objects.	participation bias	Use an analogy to explain participation bias (machine learning).
One way to think of a partitioning strategy in machine learning is as a way of dividing up a large set of data into more manageable chunks. This can be helpful in speeding up the learning process, as well as making it easier to understand and analyze the data. One way to think of it is as if you are dividing a pizza into slices. This way, you can more easily eat the pizza, and you can also get a sense for how much of the pizza is made up of different toppings.	partitioning strategy	Use an analogy to explain partitioning strategy (machine learning).
A perceptron can be thought of as a very simple computer program that can learn to recognize patterns. It is given a set of training data, which is a series of examples of the pattern it is being asked to learn. The perceptron program is run on each example, and it "learns" by adjusting its internal settings so that it is more likely to correctly identify the pattern in future examples.	perceptron	Use an analogy to explain perceptron (machine learning).
Performance can be thought of as the speed at which a machine learning algorithm can learn from data. The faster an algorithm can learn, the more quickly it can adapt to changes in the data.	performance	Use an analogy to explain performance (machine learning).
If you have ever used a machine learning algorithm, you know that they can be quite perplexing. In fact, they can be so perplexing that they seem to work in mysterious ways. Just like a machine learning algorithm, when you first encounter a perplexing problem, it can be difficult to understand what is going on. However, with a little bit of effort, you can usually get a better understanding of the problem and find a solution.	perplexity	Use an analogy to explain perplexity (machine learning).
A pipeline is like a conveyor belt in a factory. The data flows in one end, is processed by a series of machines (algorithms), and comes out the other end in a different form.	pipeline	Use an analogy to explain pipeline (machine learning).
Pipelining is like a conveyor belt in a factory. The belt moves objects from one machine to the next, so that the machines can work on the objects one at a time. In machine learning, pipelining means that the computer can work on several tasks at the same time. For example, it can learn several models at the same time, or it can learn a model and use it to make predictions.	pipelining	Use an analogy to explain pipelining (machine learning).
Policy is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and adapting to the user’s needs. It starts by learning the user’s habits and preferences, and then adapts over time to better suit the user’s needs.	policy	Use an analogy to explain policy (machine learning).
Pooling is a technique used in machine learning for data pre-processing. It is a way of reducing the dimensionality of a dataset by combining similar features together. This is done by taking a set of features, usually in the form of a vector, and combining them into a single feature. This new feature is then used in the training or learning process.	pooling	Use an analogy to explain pooling (machine learning).
Positive class is like a human trying to learn new things. The more data the human collects, the more accurately they can learn and make predictions.	positive class	Use an analogy to explain positive class (machine learning).
Post-processing is like the brain of a computer. It is the part of the machine that takes the input from the sensors and makes sense of it. It is also responsible for deciding what actions to take based on the input.	post-processing	Use an analogy to explain post-processing (machine learning).
The area under the pr curve is similar to the amount of fuel in a tank. The more fuel you have, the longer the car will run. The area under the pr curve is a measure of how much data you have to work with. The more data you have, the better your predictions will be.	pr auc (area under the pr curve)	Use an analogy to explain pr auc (area under the pr curve) (machine learning).
Precision-recall curve is like a map. It shows the relationship between the precision and recall of a machine learning algorithm on a set of test data. The precision is the number of correct predictions divided by the total number of predictions. The recall is the number of correct predictions divided by the number of true positives.	precision-recall curve	Use an analogy to explain precision-recall curve (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a human brain. The brain is constantly learning and making predictions about the world. It does this by taking in information (sensory input) and using past experiences to form models of how the world works. These models allow the brain to make predictions about what will happen in the future.	prediction	Use an analogy to explain prediction (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a person who has been given a lot of information about a certain topic. This person can then make predictions about new information based on what they know. However, this person may be biased in their predictions if they only have a limited amount of information about the topic.	prediction bias	Use an analogy to explain prediction bias (machine learning).
Predictive parity is similar to a human predicting the outcome of a sports game. The human can look at the past results of the teams, the players, and the current standings to make a prediction. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm can look at past data to make predictions about future events.	predictive parity	Use an analogy to explain predictive parity (machine learning).
Predictive rate parity is similar to the concept of price parity. In the context of machine learning, it means that the predictions made by different models are statistically indistinguishable from each other. This is important because it ensures that the predictions made by different models are equally reliable, which in turn allows us to more confidently rely on the predictions made by any individual model.	predictive rate parity	Use an analogy to explain predictive rate parity (machine learning).
Preprocessing is like cleaning a dirty dish before you cook. You want to make sure the dish is clean so that your food doesn't get dirty. In the same way, you want to clean your data before you train your machine learning model. This will help make sure your model is accurate.	preprocessing	Use an analogy to explain preprocessing (machine learning).
Pre-trained models are like a bicycle. They are a great way to get started, but eventually you will want to learn how to ride a bike on your own.	pre-trained model	Use an analogy to explain pre-trained model (machine learning).
If you think of prior belief as a computer program, then new information is like new data that is fed into the computer. The computer then uses this data to modify its program and make predictions about future events.	prior belief	Use an analogy to explain prior belief (machine learning).
A probabilistic regression model is like a recipe for a cake. The recipe tells you how to make a cake, but it doesn't tell you for sure that the cake will turn out well. You still have to follow the recipe and hope for the best.	probabilistic regression model	Use an analogy to explain probabilistic regression model (machine learning).
Proxy (sensitive attributes) is like a person's fingerprints. They are unique to each individual and can be used to identify someone. Similarly, proxy (sensitive attributes) can be used to identify individuals in a dataset, even if their name is not included.	proxy (sensitive attributes)	Use an analogy to explain proxy (sensitive attributes) (machine learning).
Proxy labels are like a map. They are a way to help us understand what is happening in our data. We can use them to see how different parts of our data are related.	proxy labels	Use an analogy to explain proxy labels (machine learning).
A q-function is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the probability of an event occurring. It is similar to a neural network, but is simpler and faster to train.	q-function	Use an analogy to explain q-function (machine learning).
Q-learning is a machine learning algorithm that is used to learn the best action to take in a given situation. It is similar to the way humans learn, by trying different things and seeing what works best.	q-learning	Use an analogy to explain q-learning (machine learning).
Random forest is a machine learning technique that is used to predict the outcome of a certain event. It works by creating a number of decision trees, each of which is made up of a number of randomly selected input variables. The trees are then used to predict the outcome of the event, and the results are averaged to give a more accurate prediction.	random forest	Use an analogy to explain random forest (machine learning).
Random policy is like a computer that is randomly pressing buttons. Sometimes it will do something useful, but most of the time it won't.	random policy	Use an analogy to explain random policy (machine learning).
Rater is a machine learning algorithm that is used to improve the accuracy of predictions by learning how to better distinguish between different categories of data. It does this by identifying patterns in data and then using these patterns to make more accurate predictions.	rater	Use an analogy to explain rater (machine learning).
A recommendation system is like a group of friends who always give you good recommendations for books, movies, and restaurants. The more you use the system, the better it gets at making recommendations for you.	recommendation system	Use an analogy to explain recommendation system (machine learning).
Rectified linear unit (relu) is a machine learning function that is similar to the logistic function, but with a rectified linear activation function. The rectified linear unit function is a monotonic function, meaning that the function never decreases in value. This function is used to prevent the activation function from becoming negative, which can cause the machine learning algorithm to become unstable.	rectified linear unit (relu)	Use an analogy to explain rectified linear unit (relu) (machine learning).
A recurrent neural network (RNN) is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to a feedforward neural network, except that RNNs have a feedback loop between the input and output layers. This feedback loop allows RNNs to learn and remember patterns of input data.	recurrent neural network	Use an analogy to explain recurrent neural network (machine learning).
A regression model can be thought of as a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the value of a target variable (dependent variable) based on the values of one or more predictor variables (independent variables).	regression model	Use an analogy to explain regression model (machine learning).
A regularization rate is like a speed limit. It is the maximum speed at which you are allowed to drive. If you drive faster than the regularization rate, your car will get pulled over.	regularization rate	Use an analogy to explain regularization rate (machine learning).
RL is like teaching a dog how to fetch a ball. Initially, you have to show the dog how to do it, and give it a treat when it brings the ball back. Over time, the dog will learn how to fetch the ball on its own, and will continue to do so because it knows it will get a treat. In the same way, RL algorithms learn how to complete a task by being reinforced for completing it correctly.	reinforcement learning (rl)	Use an analogy to explain reinforcement learning (rl) (machine learning).
A replay buffer is like a video recorder for a TV. It records the video that was just aired so that you can watch it again later. In machine learning, a replay buffer is used to store data so that it can be used for training a model. This allows the model to learn from past data even if it is no longer available.	replay buffer	Use an analogy to explain replay buffer (machine learning).
Reporting bias is like a machine learning algorithm that has been “trained” on a biased set of data. This means that the algorithm will be more likely to give inaccurate results, because it has been taught to expect certain things from the data it has seen.	reporting bias	Use an analogy to explain reporting bias (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in an input (a set of training data) and outputs a prediction. The prediction is a representation of the input data that can be used to make a decision or perform a task.	representation	Use an analogy to explain representation (machine learning).
Re-ranking is like sorting a deck of cards. Initially, the cards are randomly sorted. However, after someone has sorted the cards the first time, the cards can be re-sorted more easily since they are now in a specific order.	re-ranking	Use an analogy to explain re-ranking (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who has learned how to ride a bike. After a while, the person doesn't need to think about the individual steps involved in riding a bike - they just get on and ride. The machine learning algorithm has "learned" how to do a certain task, and can do it without needing to be explicitly told what to do.	return	Use an analogy to explain return (machine learning).
Rewards in machine learning are akin to a gambler's winnings. Just as a gambler is more likely to keep playing after winning a few rounds, a machine learning algorithm is more likely to keep learning after it has been rewarded with some accuracy. This reinforcement encourages the algorithm to continue looking for patterns in the data, which ultimately leads to better predictions.	reward	Use an analogy to explain reward (machine learning).
Ridge regularization is a technique used in machine learning to prevent overfitting of a model to the training data. It does this by adding a penalty term to the cost function that is used to optimize the model, which encourages the model to be more linear in its predictions. This penalty term is in the form of a ridge matrix, which is a matrix that has the same number of rows as the number of training data points and the same number of columns as the number of features in the model.	ridge regularization	Use an analogy to explain ridge regularization (machine learning).
RNN is like a person who can learn new things and remember them. The more it is used, the better it gets at doing its job.	rnn	Use an analogy to explain rnn (machine learning).
RMSE is the average distance between the predicted values and the actual values. It is a measure of how close the predictions are to the actual values.	root mean squared error (rmse)	Use an analogy to explain root mean squared error (rmse) (machine learning).
Rotational invariance is like a machine that can be turned off and on without affecting its performance. The machine can be turned in any direction and it will still work the same. This is similar to how machine learning algorithms work. They are able to rotate and transform the data they are learning without affecting the performance of the algorithm.	rotational invariance	Use an analogy to explain rotational invariance (machine learning).
Sampling bias is like a person who only eats at one restaurant. This person will only have a limited view of the types of food that are available and the quality of the food. This person is likely to have a biased view of the restaurant.	sampling bias	Use an analogy to explain sampling bias (machine learning).
A scalar is a single number, like the temperature in a room. Machine learning is like a thermometer. It takes in all of the data in the room (the scalar) and uses it to predict the temperature in the future.	scalar	Use an analogy to explain scalar (machine learning).
Scaling is like making a cake. You need to use the same recipe to make a small cake and a large cake. The ingredients are the same, but you need to use more or less of them depending on the size of the cake.	scaling	Use an analogy to explain scaling (machine learning).
Scikit-learn is like a teacher. The teacher is always learning new things and getting better at teaching. The teacher uses this knowledge to help students learn. Scikit-learn is like this teacher. It is always learning new things and getting better at teaching. It uses this knowledge to help you learn.	scikit-learn	Use an analogy to explain scikit-learn (machine learning).
Scoring in machine learning is similar to the process of grading an assignment. The computer program is given a set of data and is then asked to provide a score or grade for each item in the set. The program is also given a set of instructions on how to grade the items. The program then uses the data and instructions to grade each item in the set.	scoring	Use an analogy to explain scoring (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who is trying to learn how to play tennis. If the person only ever plays against people who are really bad at tennis, they will never learn how to play well. This is because the person will only ever get feedback that they are doing well, and they will never learn how to improve their skills.	selection bias	Use an analogy to explain selection bias (machine learning).
The self-attention layer is similar to the way our brain pays attention to itself. The layer is responsible for taking in all of the information from the previous layers and then organizing it in a way that allows the network to understand how all of the information is related. This is important for the network to be able to learn and generalize from its training data.	self-attention (also called self-attention layer)	Use an analogy to explain self-attention (also called self-attention layer) (machine learning).
Self-supervised learning is a bit like learning to ride a bike. At first, you need someone to teach you how to do it, but once you know how, you can do it yourself. The same is true for machine learning. You need to be taught how to do it, but once you know how, you can do it yourself.	self-supervised learning	Use an analogy to explain self-supervised learning (machine learning).
Self-training is like teaching a computer how to recognize objects in pictures. You show the computer a lot of pictures of different objects, and then tell the computer what each object is. Over time, the computer will learn to recognize objects in pictures on its own, without needing you to tell it what each object is.	self-training	Use an analogy to explain self-training (machine learning).
Semi-supervised learning is like a student who is given a few examples of a problem to solve, and then is given feedback on how well they did. The student is then able to apply what they learned from the feedback to solve future problems.	semi-supervised learning	Use an analogy to explain semi-supervised learning (machine learning).
Sensitive attribute is like a person's fingerprint. It is unique to each individual and is used to identify them. Sensitive attribute is used in machine learning to identify patterns and trends in data.	sensitive attribute	Use an analogy to explain sensitive attribute (machine learning).
Sentiment analysis is like a human using their brain to understand the emotions of another human. The machine learning is like the human's brain, learning how to understand the emotions of others by analyzing a lot of data.	sentiment analysis	Use an analogy to explain sentiment analysis (machine learning).
Sequence model is like a recipe. You have a list of ingredients and a set of instructions on how to put them together. You follow the instructions to make a dish. A machine learning algorithm is like a cook. It takes a set of ingredients (data) and a recipe (model) and produces a dish (prediction).	sequence model	Use an analogy to explain sequence model (machine learning).
Sequence-to-sequence task is like learning a new language. You are given a set of sentences in the new language, and your task is to learn how to generate new sentences in the new language based on the given set of sentences.	sequence-to-sequence task	Use an analogy to explain sequence-to-sequence task (machine learning).
Serving in machine learning is similar to serving in tennis. The objective is to hit the ball in such a way that the opponent is unable to return it, resulting in a point. In machine learning, the objective is to create a model that accurately predicts the target variable, given the input data.	serving	Use an analogy to explain serving (machine learning).
Shape is like a piece of gum. It can be stretched, twisted, and turned, but it always returns to its original shape.	shape (tensor)	Use an analogy to explain shape (tensor) (machine learning).
A sigmoid function can be thought of as a machine learning algorithm that takes in a number and outputs a probability between 0 and 1 that the number is in a certain range. For example, if you wanted to know whether a number was in the range of 0 to 10, you could use a sigmoid function to give you a probability that the number is in that range.	sigmoid function	Use an analogy to explain sigmoid function (machine learning).
Similarity measure is like comparing two different objects to see if they are the same or not.	similarity measure	Use an analogy to explain similarity measure (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm is size invariant if it produces the same results when applied to data sets of different sizes. This is analogous to the way that a mathematical equation is invariant to changes in the size of the numbers used in the equation.	size invariance	Use an analogy to explain size invariance (machine learning).
Sketching is like taking a picture of a person. You can get a general idea of what the person looks like, but you can't see all the details. With machine learning, you can "sketch" a person by getting a general idea of their features, but you can't see all the details.	sketching	Use an analogy to explain sketching (machine learning).
A softmax function is a machine learning function that is used to calculate the probability that a particular event will occur. It is similar to a normal max function, except that it takes into account the probability of each outcome. This allows the function to return a value that is more accurate than a simple max function.	softmax	Use an analogy to explain softmax (machine learning).
Sparse feature is like a person with a lot of hair on their head, but very little hair on their body. The person's head is full of hair, but their body is mostly bald.	sparse feature	Use an analogy to explain sparse feature (machine learning).
Sparse representation is like when you go to the store and buy a gallon of milk. You don't buy a gallon of every kind of milk they have. You buy a gallon of white milk and a gallon of chocolate milk. You only have two kinds of milk, but you have a lot of milk.	sparse representation	Use an analogy to explain sparse representation (machine learning).
Sparse vector is like a library. It is a collection of books, but there are not many books in the library.	sparse vector	Use an analogy to explain sparse vector (machine learning).
Sparsity is a bit like when you go to the supermarket and there are only a few items left on the shelf. The items that remain are likely to be the ones that are most popular and in demand.In the same way, sparsity is a measure of how popular a particular item is in a dataset. The more popular an item is, the more likely it is to be represented in the dataset. Conversely, the less popular an item is, the less likely it is to be represented in the dataset.	sparsity	Use an analogy to explain sparsity (machine learning).
Spatial pooling is a technique used in machine learning, specifically in convolutional neural networks, to reduce the number of parameters and computations in a network. It is similar to the process of averaging, but instead of averaging values across a set of neurons, values are averaged across a set of spatial locations. This technique is used to reduce the number of parameters in a network, and it can also improve the accuracy of the network.	spatial pooling	Use an analogy to explain spatial pooling (machine learning).
Squared hinge loss is a measure of how close a machine learning algorithm is to achieving the perfect prediction. It is a way of measuring how much error is being made in the predictions.	squared hinge loss	Use an analogy to explain squared hinge loss (machine learning).
Loss is like a penalty that a machine learning algorithm incurs for making a mistake. The squared loss is a way of measuring how serious the mistake is. It is a measure of the distance between the predicted value and the actual value.	squared loss	Use an analogy to explain squared loss (machine learning).
Staged training is like learning to drive a car. At first, you just learn the basic controls - how to accelerate, brake, and steer. Once you have those down, you start practicing in a safe area, like a parking lot. Once you're comfortable there, you move on to a more challenging environment, like a busy street. The more you practice, the better you get at driving.	staged training	Use an analogy to explain staged training (machine learning).
State is like a car. It can be in different states, such as moving, stopped, or in reverse. The car's state can be changed by the driver, such as when the driver steps on the gas pedal to make the car move.	state	Use an analogy to explain state (machine learning).
A state-action value function can be thought of as a machine learning algorithm that takes in input data (the state of the world) and outputs a value (the expected reward for taking a particular action in that state). This value function can be used to help guide decision-making in a machine learning system.	state-action value function	Use an analogy to explain state-action value function (machine learning).
Static model is like a machine that is turned off. It doesn't do anything until it is turned on and given instructions.	static model	Use an analogy to explain static model (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a stationery bike. The more you use it, the more efficient it becomes.	stationarity	Use an analogy to explain stationarity (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a computer program that is able to "learn" how to do things on its own by analyzing data. It can figure out how to recognize patterns, make predictions, and take actions based on what it has learned.	step	Use an analogy to explain step (machine learning).
A step size is like the pace you walk at. It's the distance you move each time you take a step. In machine learning, the step size is the size of the change in the weights of the neural network each time it is updated.	step size	Use an analogy to explain step size (machine learning).
Sgd is like a hiker walking up a hill. The hiker takes small steps, but keeps moving forward. As she walks, she constantly adjusts her course based on what she sees in front of her. SGD does the same thing with machine learning algorithms. It starts with a small step (the first gradient), then adjusts its course (the second gradient) based on the results.	stochastic gradient descent (sgd)	Use an analogy to explain stochastic gradient descent (sgd) (machine learning).
Stride is like a person's walking speed. It's the number of steps a person takes in a certain amount of time. Stride is important for machine learning because it determines how much data a machine learning algorithm can process in a given amount of time.	stride	Use an analogy to explain stride (machine learning).
Structural risk minimization is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and updating its understanding of the structure of the data in order to minimize the risk of making a mistake.	structural risk minimization (srm)	Use an analogy to explain structural risk minimization (srm) (machine learning).
Subsampling is like taking a small sip from a large glass of water. You are still getting the same amount of water, but you are taking smaller sips. This is similar to how subsampling works in machine learning. You are still getting the same amount of data, but you are taking smaller samples.	subsampling	Use an analogy to explain subsampling (machine learning).
Supervised machine learning is like a teacher. The teacher is constantly observing the student and providing feedback. The teacher helps the student learn and improve over time. The student is constantly learning and getting better.	supervised machine learning	Use an analogy to explain supervised machine learning (machine learning).
A synthetic feature is like a machine learning "filter" that you can use to improve the accuracy of your predictions. For example, you might use a synthetic feature to improve the accuracy of your predictions for whether or not a customer will churn.	synthetic feature	Use an analogy to explain synthetic feature (machine learning).
Tabular q-learning is like a recipe. You have a list of ingredients and a set of instructions on how to put them together. You can follow the recipe to make a dish that you've never made before. You can also make adjustments to the recipe to make the dish more or less spicy, or to change the ingredients to something you prefer. The recipe is a guide, but you can still make the dish your own.	tabular q-learning	Use an analogy to explain tabular q-learning (machine learning).
Target is like a sniper. It takes careful aim and hits the target.	target	Use an analogy to explain target (machine learning).
Target network is like a group of people who are trying to hit a target. The target is the goal, and the people are the network. The people are trying to hit the target by using their knowledge and experience to guide their actions. The target network is a machine learning algorithm that is trying to learn how to hit a target by using a training dataset.	target network	Use an analogy to explain target network (machine learning).
A termination condition in machine learning is like the finish line in a race. Once the machine learning algorithm reaches the termination condition, it stops running and produces a result.	termination condition	Use an analogy to explain termination condition (machine learning).
Time series analysis is like learning to read a book. The first time you read a book, you may not understand all of it. But, if you read it again, you will gradually learn to understand it. The more you read it, the more you will understand it. Time series analysis is the same way. The more you analyze data over time, the more you will understand it.	time series analysis	Use an analogy to explain time series analysis (machine learning).
Timestep is like taking a step forward in your journey. It allows you to make small, incremental changes that will help you reach your destination. In machine learning, timestep is used to improve your model by making small changes to your data. This helps you to learn from your data and improve your predictions.	timestep	Use an analogy to explain timestep (machine learning).
Token is like a computer virus. It is a small piece of software that is designed to spread from one computer to another and to do something useful on each computer it infects.	token	Use an analogy to explain token (machine learning).
Training is like teaching a machine how to do a task. You provide it with examples of what you want it to do, and it "learns" how to do the task by figuring out the patterns in the examples.	training	Use an analogy to explain training (machine learning).
Trajectory is like a car ride. You start off at a certain point and then you move to different points depending on the path you take. In machine learning, your starting point is your data and the different points are the different models you try.	trajectory	Use an analogy to explain trajectory (machine learning).
A transformer is a machine learning algorithm that is used to learn the relationship between input and output variables. It is similar to a linear regression algorithm, but it is able to learn nonlinear relationships between variables.	transformer	Use an analogy to explain transformer (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm is like a slide ruler. No matter how you move the ruler, the distance between any two points remains the same.	translational invariance	Use an analogy to explain translational invariance (machine learning).
Trigram is machine learning is like a person is learning a new language. The person starts by learning basic words and phrases, and then gradually builds upon that knowledge to learn more complex concepts.	trigram	Use an analogy to explain trigram (machine learning).
A true negative is like a person who is told "no" and then does not do what they were asked not to do. In machine learning, a true negative is when a prediction is made that a particular event will not happen, and the event does not happen.	true negative (tn)	Use an analogy to explain true negative (tn) (machine learning).
tp is like a person who is looking for their car in a parking lot. They know their car is a blue sedan, so they are looking for a blue sedan. They see a blue sedan and they know it is their car. This is like a true positive.	true positive (tp)	Use an analogy to explain true positive (tp) (machine learning).
The true positive rate (tpr) is the percentage of positive test results that are actually true positives.	true positive rate (tpr)	Use an analogy to explain true positive rate (tpr) (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as an “unaware” machine. It cannot detect or understand the underlying patterns in the data it is processing. However, by using a technique called “training,” the machine can be “taught” to recognize these patterns. Once the machine has been trained, it can then be used to predict the values of sensitive attributes for new data points.	unawareness (to a sensitive attribute)	Use an analogy to explain unawareness (to a sensitive attribute) (machine learning).
Undersampling is like when you are looking for a needle in a haystack. You take a small amount of hay and look for the needle. If you don't find the needle, you take more hay and look again. You keep doing this until you find the needle.	undersampling	Use an analogy to explain undersampling (machine learning).
Unidirectional machine learning is like a one-way street. The machine learning algorithm can only learn from data that is provided to it. It cannot go back and learn from past data.	unidirectional	Use an analogy to explain unidirectional (machine learning).
A unidirectional language model is like a one-way street. The model can only predict the next word in a sentence based on the previous word.	unidirectional language model	Use an analogy to explain unidirectional language model (machine learning).
If you were to learn a new language, you would be given examples of words and their translations, but you would not be given the labels for each word. You would have to learn what the words mean by looking at the translations and figuring out the patterns yourself. This is similar to how machine learning works- you are given examples of data and you have to learn how to classify it yourself.	unlabeled example	Use an analogy to explain unlabeled example (machine learning).
Unsupervised machine learning is like a toddler learning how to speak. The toddler is not given any instructions on how to speak, but instead is allowed to explore the world and learn from experience. The toddler will eventually learn how to speak by observing other people and by trial and error. Unsupervised machine learning is similar, in that the machine is allowed to explore the data and learn from experience. The machine will eventually learn how to perform tasks such as classification or regression by observing the data and by trial and error.	unsupervised machine learning	Use an analogy to explain unsupervised machine learning (machine learning).
Upweighting is a machine learning technique that is used to improve the accuracy of a model. Upweighting is similar to boosting, but it is used to improve the accuracy of a model rather than the speed of the model. Upweighting is a technique that is used to improve the accuracy of a model by increasing the weight of the most accurate data.	upweighting	Use an analogy to explain upweighting (machine learning).
A user matrix is a data structure used in machine learning to represent the interactions between a set of users and a set of items. The user matrix is a two-dimensional array, where each row represents a user and each column represents an item. The matrix contains a value for each interaction between a user and an item, indicating whether the user has interacted with the item.	user matrix	Use an analogy to explain user matrix (machine learning).
Validation is like a teacher grading a student's test. The teacher checks to make sure the student answered all the questions correctly and then assigns a grade based on how well the student did. Validation is also like a parent checking to make sure their child is doing well in school and helping them with their homework.	validation	Use an analogy to explain validation (machine learning).
The vanishing gradient problem is a machine learning problem that occurs when the gradient of the error function becomes very small as the learning algorithm progresses. This can cause the algorithm to "lose track" of the direction it needs to move in order to reduce the error function.	vanishing gradient problem	Use an analogy to explain vanishing gradient problem (machine learning).
Wasserstein loss is a machine learning technique that is used to prevent the overfitting of models. It is similar to the technique of cross-validation, in that it splits the data into a training set and a validation set. However, wasserstein loss uses the validation set to calculate a measure of distance between the models. This distance is then used to determine how much weight should be given to the validation set in the final model.	wasserstein loss	Use an analogy to explain wasserstein loss (machine learning).
Weight is like a machine learning algorithm. It is a way of understanding how much force is needed to move an object. The more weight you have, the more force you need to move the object.	weight	Use an analogy to explain weight (machine learning).
Weighted alternating least squares is a machine learning algorithm that is used to optimize a linear function. It is similar to the traditional alternating least squares algorithm, but it takes into account the weight of each data point. This allows the algorithm to more accurately find the best solution for the function.	weighted alternating least squares (wals)	Use an analogy to explain weighted alternating least squares (wals) (machine learning).
Wide model is like a big net that catches a lot of fish. It is less accurate than a narrow model, but it is easier to use and more accurate than a simple model.	wide model	Use an analogy to explain wide model (machine learning).
Width is like the size of a machine learning algorithm. The wider the algorithm, the more data it can process at once. This makes it faster and more accurate.	width	Use an analogy to explain width (machine learning).
Machine learning is like teaching a computer to understand and use language. You start by teaching the computer a few basic words, then you gradually add more words and examples until the computer can understand and use complex language. This is similar to how word embedding works. You start by teaching the computer a few basic words, then you gradually add more words and examples until the computer can understand and use complex language.	word embedding	Use an analogy to explain word embedding (machine learning).
