The accuracy of a machine learning algorithm can be thought of as the percentage of predictions that the algorithm gets right.	accuracy	What analogy is used to explain accuracy (machine learning)?
The analogy of an algorithm as a machine learning is that it is a set of instructions that is followed to complete a task.	algorithm	What analogy is used to explain algorithm (machine learning)?
The analogy of attribute is used to explain machine learning is that it is like a person’s brain. The brain is constantly learning and adding new information, and the same is true for a machine learning algorithm. The more data that is fed to the algorithm, the more it will learn and be able to accurately predict outcomes.	attribute	What analogy is used to explain attribute (machine learning)?
A bias metric is a way of measuring how much a machine learning algorithm is biased. It does this by comparing the predictions of the algorithm to the ground truth.	bias metric	What analogy is used to explain bias metric (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain bias term (machine learning) is that it is like a person’s beliefs. Just as people have personal beliefs that can distort their view of the world, a machine learning algorithm can be biased if its creators introduce bias into it.	bias term	What analogy is used to explain bias term (machine learning)?
A categorical variable is like a deck of cards. There are 52 cards in a deck, and each card is one of four suits (clubs, diamonds, hearts, spades) and one of thirteen ranks (Ace, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, Jack, Queen, King).	categorical variables	What analogy is used to explain categorical variables (machine learning)?
Classification is often explained using the example of a mail sorter. A mail sorter is a machine that takes an envelope and sorts it into one of several mail slots, depending on the address on the envelope. The machine has been trained on a set of addresses and the corresponding mail slot. When a new envelope is fed into the machine, it looks at the address and sorts it into the appropriate slot.	classification	What analogy is used to explain classification (machine learning)?
A classification threshold is a point at which a machine learning algorithm decides whether or not to classify an input as belonging to a particular category. The analogy that is often used to explain this concept is that of a door. The classification threshold is the point at which the machine learning algorithm decides whether or not to consider an input to be a door. If the input is below the threshold, the machine learning algorithm will not consider it to be a door. If the input is above the threshold, the machine learning algorithm will consider it to be a door.	classification threshold	What analogy is used to explain classification threshold (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box that takes in data as input and produces clusters as output. The data is first divided into a number of training sets, and then the algorithm is run on each set. The clusters that are produced are then compared to the desired output, and the algorithm is tweaked until the clusters match the desired output as closely as possible.	clustering	What analogy is used to explain clustering (machine learning)?
A confusion matrix is a table that is used to describe the performance of a machine learning algorithm. The table has four columns and four rows. The first column is the actual class of the data, the second column is the predicted class, the third column is the number of times the prediction was correct, and the fourth column is the number of times the prediction was incorrect.	confusion matrix	What analogy is used to explain confusion matrix (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box that takes in input data (x) and produces an output (y). The input data can be thought of as a series of points on a graph, and the output can be thought of as the machine learning algorithm's prediction for the next point on the graph. The black box is continuous, meaning that it can produce an infinite number of outputs for any given input.	continuous variables	What analogy is used to explain continuous variables (machine learning)?
The analogy of a funnel is often used to explain the concept of convergence in machine learning. The top of the funnel represents all of the data that is initially input into the machine learning algorithm. The data is then processed and narrowed down as it moves through the funnel. The end of the funnel represents the final output of the machine learning algorithm, which is a refined set of data that is more accurate than the original data set.	convergence	What analogy is used to explain convergence (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box that takes in data as input and produces predictions as output. The algorithm is said to have learned from the data if it can accurately predict the output for new data that it has never seen before.	deduction	What analogy is used to explain deduction (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain deep learning is that it is similar to the human brain. The human brain has many layers of neurons, and each layer is able to learn and recognize patterns. The deep learning algorithm is similar, in that it has many layers of neurons that are able to learn and recognize patterns.	deep learning	What analogy is used to explain deep learning (machine learning)?
The analogy of dimension is used to explain machine learning as a three-dimensional object. The first dimension is the input data, the second dimension is the feature space, and the third dimension is the target space.	dimension	What analogy is used to explain dimension (machine learning)?
An analogy for epoch is that it is like a journey. The first epoch is the beginning of the journey, and each subsequent epoch is another step along the way.	epoch	What analogy is used to explain epoch (machine learning)?
Extrapolation is similar to a child learning to speak. A child hears people speaking and, over time, begins to understand the words and their meanings. With enough exposure to language, the child can then begin to use words they have never heard before. In the same way, machine learning algorithms can use past data to understand patterns and then make predictions about future data.	extrapolation	What analogy is used to explain extrapolation (machine learning)?
A false positive rate is the rate at which a machine learning algorithm incorrectly classifies a data point as belonging to a particular category, when it actually does not. This analogy compares the false positive rate to the rate of a person making a mistake when flipping a coin. Just as a person has a 50% chance of flipping heads, a machine learning algorithm has a 50% chance of incorrectly classifying a data point.	false positive rate	What analogy is used to explain false positive rate (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. You put in some data, and the algorithm produces a prediction. You can’t see what’s going on inside the black box, but you can trust that it’s doing its job correctly.	feature	What analogy is used to explain feature (machine learning)?
The analogy of feature selection is like a person is looking for a new job. The person needs to find a job that is the best fit for their skills, and the job needs to be a good fit for the person. The person cannot find a job that is a good fit for their skills if they do not have any skills. The person cannot find a job that is a good fit for them if there are no jobs that are a good fit for their skills.	feature selection	What analogy is used to explain feature selection (machine learning)?
A feature vector is a mathematical representation of a feature in a machine learning model. It is an array of numbers that represent the feature's value for a particular instance.	feature vector	What analogy is used to explain feature vector (machine learning)?
The analogy of gradient accumulation is that of a hill. As you walk up a hill, you continually make small steps in the same direction. The cumulative effect of these steps is that you eventually reach the top of the hill. In the same way, the cumulative effect of many small steps in the same direction (i.e. learning) eventually leads to a better understanding of the task at hand (i.e. machine learning).	gradient accumulation	What analogy is used to explain gradient accumulation (machine learning)?
Hyperparameters are like the knobs and dials on a machine. They are the settings that you can change to affect the behavior of the machine. In machine learning, hyperparameters are the settings that you can change to affect the behavior of the learning algorithm.	hyperparameters	What analogy is used to explain hyperparameters (machine learning)?
The analogy of induction is learning from examples. Just as a person can learn new things by observing others, a machine learning algorithm can learn to recognize patterns in data by observing examples.	induction	What analogy is used to explain induction (machine learning)?
Instance is like a person. You can think of a person as an instance of a human.	instance	What analogy is used to explain instance (machine learning)?
Labeling is the process of attaching a name or other identifying information to something. In machine learning, labeling is the process of attaching a value to a data point.	label	What analogy is used to explain label (machine learning)?
The analogy of learning rate is that it is the speed at which a machine learning algorithm learns.	learning rate	What analogy is used to explain learning rate (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. You put in data, and the algorithm spits out a prediction. You can’t see what’s going on inside the black box, but you can measure how accurate the predictions are. With time, you can feed the algorithm more data, and it will get better and better at making predictions.	loss	What analogy is used to explain loss (machine learning)?
The analogy of machine learning is that it is like a child learning how to speak. The child is not given a set of rules to learn how to speak, but is instead given examples of language and is allowed to learn from these examples. The child will then gradually start to learn the rules of language and will be able to speak fluently.	machine learning	What analogy is used to explain machine learning (machine learning)?
A model is like a machine learning. It is a representation of the world that can be used to make predictions.	model	What analogy is used to explain model (machine learning)?
A neural network is a bit like the human brain. It is made up of a large number of interconnected processing nodes, or neurons, that can learn to recognize patterns of input data.	neural networks	What analogy is used to explain neural networks (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in a set of training data and outputs a model. The model is a representation of the data that can be used to make predictions on new data. The goal of normalization is to make the training data as similar as possible so that the model can learn the underlying patterns in the data.	normalization	What analogy is used to explain normalization (machine learning)?
Noise is often used as an analogy for machine learning, as it is a term that is easily understood. Noise can be thought of as random data that is added to a signal in order to make it more difficult to detect or understand. In the same way, machine learning algorithms are used to add random data to a dataset in order to make it more difficult to detect patterns or understand the data.	noise	What analogy is used to explain noise (machine learning)?
A null accuracy analogy is used to explain machine learning. In this analogy, a person is a machine learning algorithm and a cat is the data. The person is trying to learn how to identify cats. If the person is shown a cat, they will learn how to identify cats. If the person is shown a dog, they will not learn how to identify cats.	null accuracy	What analogy is used to explain null accuracy (machine learning)?
The analogy of learning from data is similar to a child learning the alphabet. The child is not given all the letters at once, but is given a few letters at a time. The child then practices using the letters to form words. The child then practices using the words to form sentences. The child then practices using the sentences to form a story. The child then practices using the story to understand the alphabet.	observation	What analogy is used to explain observation (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for outliers is that they are like a person who is either much taller or much shorter than the average person. Outliers can be found in any data set, and they can be helpful in identifying unusual data points that may need further examination.	outlier	What analogy is used to explain outlier (machine learning)?
Overfitting is like a person who has been to a particular city so many times that they can no longer see it as an outsider would. The person has become so familiar with the city that they can no longer see the individual streets and buildings, only the larger layout. The person has become overfit to the city.	overfitting	What analogy is used to explain overfitting (machine learning)?
Parameters are like the knobs and levers on a machine. They allow you to control how the machine works. In machine learning, the parameters are the things you can change to make the machine learn better.	parameters	What analogy is used to explain parameters (machine learning)?
Precision is often explained using the analogy of a machine. Just as a machine needs to be calibrated to be effective, a machine learning algorithm needs to be calibrated (or “tuned”) to be effective. The calibration process ensures that the machine is learning the desired information and not something else.	precision	What analogy is used to explain precision (machine learning)?
Recall is similar to a person reading a book. The person reads the book and remembers what they read.	recall	What analogy is used to explain recall (machine learning)?
Recall is the percentage of relevant documents that are found by a search engine. Precision is the percentage of documents that are relevant that are found by a search engine.	recall vs precision	What analogy is used to explain recall vs precision (machine learning)?
A regression machine learning analogy would be to think of a person’s brain as a computer. The person’s experiences in life are like the data that is being input into the computer. The person’s brain then processes this data and outputs a prediction. For example, if a person has never seen a snowflake before, their brain might output the prediction that the next time they see snow, it will be cold.	regression	What analogy is used to explain regression (machine learning)?
An analogy to explain regularization is that it is like a “fuzzy” filter that is applied to a data set. This filter helps to prevent overfitting of the data set to the model and results in a more accurate model.	regularization	What analogy is used to explain regularization (machine learning)?
Reinforcement learning is similar to how a baby learns to walk. The baby tries different things (walking, crawling, standing), and when they do something that gets them closer to their goal (walking), they are reinforced (rewarded) with a feeling of pleasure. This makes them more likely to do that thing again.	reinforcement learning	What analogy is used to explain reinforcement learning (machine learning)?
A roc curve is a graph that plots the true positive rate (TPR) against the false positive rate (FPR) for a given binary classification problem.	roc curve	What analogy is used to explain roc curve (machine learning)?
Segmentation is the process of dividing a population into homogeneous subgroups. The most common analogy used to explain segmentation is that of a market. A market can be divided into segments based on demographics (age, gender, income, etc.), psychographics (lifestyle, interests, etc.), and behavioral (purchasing habits, etc.).	segmentation	What analogy is used to explain segmentation (machine learning)?
The analogy of specificity in machine learning is that of a person’s ability to learn. Just as a person can learn to recognize different objects and faces, a machine can learn to recognize different patterns in data. The more specific the machine’s learning is, the better it will be at recognizing patterns that are unique to that data.	specificity	What analogy is used to explain specificity (machine learning)?
Supervised learning is similar to how humans learn. A teacher provides examples (inputs) and the correct answer (output) to a student. The student then uses this information to learn and generalize. The student is able to apply this knowledge to new situations (inputs) and get the correct answer.	supervised learning	What analogy is used to explain supervised learning (machine learning)?
A test set is a set of data that is used to evaluate the accuracy of a machine learning algorithm. The test set is separate from the training set, which is used to teach the machine learning algorithm how to predict the correct outcome.	test set	What analogy is used to explain test set (machine learning)?
A training set is a set of data that is used to teach a machine learning algorithm. The machine learning algorithm uses the training set to learn how to predict the output for a new data point.	training set	What analogy is used to explain training set (machine learning)?
The analogy of transfer learning is that it is like teaching a second language. When you first learn a language, it is difficult to learn and understand. However, once you have learned a second language, the process of learning a third language becomes much easier. This is because you have already learned some of the basics, such as the alphabet and how to pronounce words.	transfer learning	What analogy is used to explain transfer learning (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a medical test. A true positive rate is the percentage of positive test results that are correct. This is analogous to the accuracy of a machine learning algorithm.	true positive rate	What analogy is used to explain true positive rate (machine learning)?
Type 1 error is the equivalent of a false positive in a medical test.	type 1 error	What analogy is used to explain type 1 error (machine learning)?
Type 2 error is similar to a person flipping a coin and getting heads five times in a row. The person may start to think that the coin is biased towards heads, when in reality the coin is fair. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm may start to think that a particular feature is important for predicting a particular outcome, when in reality the feature is not important.	type 2 error	What analogy is used to explain type 2 error (machine learning)?
Underfitting is like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. The machine learning algorithm is not able to find the right pattern in the data to make accurate predictions.	underfitting	What analogy is used to explain underfitting (machine learning)?
The analogy is that a machine learning algorithm is like a map. A map can be used to approximate the location of a destination, even if the destination is not on the map. The machine learning algorithm can be used to approximate the target function, even if the target function is not in the training data.	universal approximation theorem	What analogy is used to explain universal approximation theorem (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain unsupervised learning is that it is like a child in a candy store. The child is looking at all of the candy, but does not know what any of it is. The child then takes a piece of candy and eats it. After eating the candy, the child then knows what the candy is.	unsupervised learning	What analogy is used to explain unsupervised learning (machine learning)?
A validation set is a set of data that is used to determine how well a machine learning algorithm is performing. The validation set is used to determine how well the machine learning algorithm is able to predict the correct values for new data.	validation set	What analogy is used to explain validation set (machine learning)?
Variance is often explained using the analogy of a casino. Imagine that you are playing a game of roulette at a casino. The roulette wheel has 38 slots, numbered 0-36. Half of the slots are red and the other half are black. A ball is spun around the wheel and when it stops, the player wins if the ball is in the slot that corresponds to their bet.Now imagine that you are playing the game again, but this time the casino has made some changes. The roulette wheel now has 39 slots, numbered 0-38. The extra slot is green. The casino has also changed the payouts. If the ball lands in the green slot, the player still wins, but they now win twice as much as they would have if the ball landed in a red or black slot.The game of roulette is still the same, but the casino has changed the odds. This is an example of variance. The casino has changed the odds by adding an extra slot to the wheel.	variance	What analogy is used to explain variance (machine learning)?
A/B testing is like a scientist testing two different theories about how the world works. The scientist does an experiment to see which theory is right. In the same way, A/B testing tests two different versions of a website or app to see which one works better.	a/b testing	What analogy is used to explain a/b testing (machine learning)?
The analogy of a machine learning algorithm is that of a person learning to play a game. The person starts by playing the game a few times, and then starts to notice patterns in how the game is played. The person then starts to make predictions about how the game will play out based on the patterns that they have noticed. The person continues to play the game and refine their predictions as they go.	action	What analogy is used to explain action (machine learning)?
The analogy of a machine learning activation function is a water pump. Just as a water pump needs electricity to turn on and start pumping water, a machine learning activation function needs a certain input to turn on and start learning.	activation function	What analogy is used to explain activation function (machine learning)?
Active learning is similar to the way humans learn. We are constantly exposed to new information and we use our experiences and knowledge to learn from it. We also ask questions and probe for more information to help us understand.	active learning	What analogy is used to explain active learning (machine learning)?
Adagrad is a machine learning algorithm that uses a moving average to adjust the learning rate for each parameter in a model. This analogy compares adagrad to a person that is trying to learn to walk. As they walk, they adjust their stride based on how well they are doing. If they are having trouble walking, they will adjust their stride to make it easier. If they are walking quickly and easily, they will adjust their stride to make it harder. Adagrad does the same thing with the learning rate for each parameter in a model.	adagrad	What analogy is used to explain adagrad (machine learning)?
The analogy of a machine learning agent is a computer program that is able to learn on its own by analyzing data. It is similar to how a human learns, by observing and taking in information.	agent	What analogy is used to explain agent (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain agglomerative clustering is that it is similar to a group of people standing together. The people are initially scattered around the room, but as they start to group together, they gradually move closer and closer to each other until they are all standing together in one group.	agglomerative clustering	What analogy is used to explain agglomerative clustering (machine learning)?
Anomaly detection is similar to a doctor's diagnosis. A doctor is able to tell the difference between a healthy person and someone who is sick by identifying the anomalies in the person's body. Similarly, machine learning algorithms can identify anomalies in data by looking for patterns that are different from the norm.	anomaly detection	What analogy is used to explain anomaly detection (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain ar (machine learning) is that it is like a child learning how to speak. The child is not given any instructions on how to speak, but instead is given examples of words and sentences. The child then uses these examples to learn how to speak. Ar (machine learning) works in a similar way. It is given examples of data, and then uses these examples to learn how to predict future data.	ar	What analogy is used to explain ar (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a person standing at the bottom of a valley and looking up at the surrounding mountains. The person can see the overall shape of the mountains, but can't see the details of the individual slopes. In the same way, the pr curve can give you an idea of how well your model is doing, but can't tell you exactly how well each individual prediction is doing.	area under the pr curve	What analogy is used to explain area under the pr curve (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a Gaussian curve. Just as the area under a Gaussian curve can be used to measure the probability of a given value occurring, the area under a roc curve can be used to measure the probability that a given classifier will correctly identify a positive example.	area under the roc curve	What analogy is used to explain area under the roc curve (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain artificial general intelligence (machine learning) is that it is like a human baby. A human baby starts out with no knowledge and gradually learns from its environment. The same is true for a machine learning algorithm. It starts out with no knowledge and gradually learns from its environment.	artificial general intelligence	What analogy is used to explain artificial general intelligence (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain artificial intelligence (machine learning) is that it is like a child learning how to speak. The child is not born knowing how to speak, but instead learns over time by listening to others and practicing. The same is true for artificial intelligence - it learns over time by observing data and practicing.	artificial intelligence	What analogy is used to explain artificial intelligence (machine learning)?
Attention is like a spotlight. It is focused on a specific thing and everything else is in the dark.	attention	What analogy is used to explain attention (machine learning)?
Auc is the area under the roc curve. This is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm is able to distinguish between two classes of data.	auc (area under the roc curve)	What analogy is used to explain auc (area under the roc curve) (machine learning)?
Augmented reality is like a magnifying glass. It makes things look bigger and more important than they are.	augmented reality	What analogy is used to explain augmented reality (machine learning)?
The analogy of automation bias is that it is similar to a human’s natural cognitive biases. Just as humans are naturally biased, machines can be biased too. Automation bias is when a machine is given a task to complete and it completes the task in a way that is not completely accurate because the machine is using its own set of rules that it has been taught, rather than the actual rules that were intended.	automation bias	What analogy is used to explain automation bias (machine learning)?
The analogy of a dartboard is often used to explain average precision in machine learning. The bullseye represents the true positive rate (TPR) and the surrounding rings represent the false positive rate (FPR). The average precision is the radius of the bullseye divided by the radius of the rings.	average precision	What analogy is used to explain average precision (machine learning)?
Backpropagation is a machine learning algorithm that is used to train artificial neural networks. It is similar to the way that the brain learns, by gradually adjusting the strengths of the connections between neurons.	backpropagation	What analogy is used to explain backpropagation (machine learning)?
A bag of words is a machine learning model that predicts the probability of a word occurring in a text given its surrounding words.	bag of words	What analogy is used to explain bag of words (machine learning)?
A baseline in machine learning is a set of data against which new data is compared in order to determine how similar or different the new data is. The baseline can be used to determine how well a machine learning algorithm is performing, and can also be used to improve the accuracy of the machine learning algorithm.	baseline	What analogy is used to explain baseline (machine learning)?
A batch is a set of data that is used to train a machine learning algorithm.	batch	What analogy is used to explain batch (machine learning)?
Batch normalization is a technique used in machine learning to reduce the impact of noise on the learning process. It is similar to the technique of normalizing a set of data before performing a statistical analysis on it.	batch normalization	What analogy is used to explain batch normalization (machine learning)?
A batch size is the number of items that are processed at one time. In machine learning, this is often compared to the number of data items that are fed into a learning algorithm at one time.	batch size	What analogy is used to explain batch size (machine learning)?
A bayesian neural network is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to a neural network, but it incorporates bayesian statistics. This allows the network to learn how to predict future events by incorporating past events and the probabilities of those events.	bayesian neural network	What analogy is used to explain bayesian neural network (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box that takes in data as input and produces a prediction as output. The goal of bayesian optimization is to find the best setting for the black box that produces the best prediction. This can be thought of as analogous to finding the best combination of ingredients to make a cake that tastes the best.	bayesian optimization	What analogy is used to explain bayesian optimization (machine learning)?
The bellman equation is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the value of a variable based on a set of previous values. It is similar to a regression equation, except that it uses a recursive function to calculate the value of the variable.	bellman equation	What analogy is used to explain bellman equation (machine learning)?
A Bert transformer is a bit like a two-way mirror. It can take in an image of someone on one side and reflect it back on the other side, but it can also take in an image of someone on the other side and reflect it back on the first side.	bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers)	What analogy is used to explain bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers) (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be biased if it is not calibrated correctly. For example, if the algorithm is calibrated to be more accurate for men than women, it is biased against women.	bias (ethics/fairness)	What analogy is used to explain bias (ethics/fairness) (machine learning)?
A biased coin has a higher chance of landing on heads than tails. This is because the coin is not fair, it has a bias towards heads. In the same way, a biased algorithm has a higher chance of predicting a particular outcome than a fair algorithm.	bias (math)	What analogy is used to explain bias (math) (machine learning)?
A bigram is a machine learning model that predicts the probability of the next letter in a text, based on the previous letter. This analogy compares bigrams to a person's first and last name. Just as a person's first and last name are important for predicting their identity, the first and last letter of a text are important for predicting the next letter.	bigram	What analogy is used to explain bigram (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain bidirectional machine learning is that it is like a two-way street. The machine learning algorithm can learn from the data and the data can also learn from the machine learning algorithm.	bidirectional	What analogy is used to explain bidirectional (machine learning)?
A bidirectional language model is a machine learning model that is used to predict the next word in a text, based on the previous words in the text. The model is "bidirectional" because it can predict both the next word in the text, and the previous word in the text.	bidirectional language model	What analogy is used to explain bidirectional language model (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain binary classification is that it is like a teacher grading students' tests. The teacher is looking for students who have answered all the questions correctly and given the best possible answers. These students are then given an A grade. The teacher is also looking for students who have answered some questions correctly, but not all of them. These students are given a B grade. Lastly, the teacher is looking for students who have not answered all the questions correctly, or have given the wrong answers. These students are given a C grade or a D grade, depending on how many questions they got wrong.	binary classification	What analogy is used to explain binary classification (machine learning)?
Binning is a technique used in machine learning to reduce the number of dimensions in a feature vector. It is similar to the technique of feature selection, which is used to reduce the number of features in a feature vector.	binning	What analogy is used to explain binning (machine learning)?
A bleu score is a measure of how close a machine translation is to a human translation.	bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy)	What analogy is used to explain bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy) (machine learning)?
The analogy of boosting is that it is similar to a group of people who are trying to lift a very heavy object. If one person tries to lift the object by themselves, they will not be able to. However, if the group of people work together, they will be able to lift the object.	boosting	What analogy is used to explain boosting (machine learning)?
A bounding box is a rectangular area in which a certain object is expected to appear. It can be used to describe the expected location of an object in an image or a video.	bounding box	What analogy is used to explain bounding box (machine learning)?
Broadcasting is a machine learning technique where the model is trained on a set of training data and then can be used to make predictions on new data. The analogy that is often used is that of a teacher teaching a class. The teacher is the model and the students are the new data. The teacher can use what they learned from teaching the class to make predictions about new students.	broadcasting	What analogy is used to explain broadcasting (machine learning)?
Bucketing is similar to the way a grocery store organizes food. The store places all the cereal in one section, the bread in another, and the milk in a third. This way, customers can quickly and easily find the items they are looking for.Machine learning algorithms work in a similar way. They group similar items together so that the algorithm can learn from them. This way, the algorithm can find patterns and learn how to predict the outcome of a particular event.	bucketing	What analogy is used to explain bucketing (machine learning)?
A calibration layer is a machine learning technique used to improve the accuracy of predictions by adjusting the weights of the neurons in a neural network. It is analogous to the process of calibration in mathematics, where the accuracy of a measurement is improved by adjusting the zero point and the unit of measurement.	calibration layer	What analogy is used to explain calibration layer (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. You put data in one end, and a prediction comes out the other. The prediction might be a probability that something will happen, or a classification (like “this is a spam email” or “this is not a spam email”), or a number (“this person is likely to default on their loan”).	candidate generation	What analogy is used to explain candidate generation (machine learning)?
A good analogy for sampling is to think of it as looking for a needle in a haystack. The haystack is the population, and the needle is the candidate you are looking for. To find the needle, you randomly select a haystack and search through it for the needle. This is the same idea as sampling.	candidate sampling	What analogy is used to explain candidate sampling (machine learning)?
A good analogy for categorical data is to think of it as a deck of cards. The cards are divided into four suits (clubs, diamonds, hearts, spades) and each suit has thirteen cards (Ace, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, Jack, Queen, King). So, the first suit (clubs) has thirteen cards and the second suit (diamonds) has thirteen cards, and so on.	categorical data	What analogy is used to explain categorical data (machine learning)?
A causal language model is a machine learning model that is used to predict the next word in a text. The model is trained on a set of text data, and it is used to predict the next word in a text based on the previous words in the text.	causal language model	What analogy is used to explain causal language model (machine learning)?
A centroid is the average of a set of points. In machine learning, the centroid is the average of all the training data.	centroid	What analogy is used to explain centroid (machine learning)?
A good analogy for centroid-based clustering is that of a group of people standing in a circle. The centroid would be the person in the middle of the circle. The people on the outside of the circle would be the closest to the centroid.	centroid-based clustering	What analogy is used to explain centroid-based clustering (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box that takes in input data (X) and produces an output (Y). The goal of the machine learning algorithm is to learn how to produce a good output Y given a set of input data X. The algorithm will do this by adjusting its internal parameters (e.g. weights) so that the output Y is as close as possible to the desired output.	co-adaptation	What analogy is used to explain co-adaptation (machine learning)?
A collaborative filtering algorithm is like a group of people who have never met each other but are asked to recommend a restaurant. They will likely recommend different restaurants, but they may also recommend some of the same restaurants.	collaborative filtering	What analogy is used to explain collaborative filtering (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who is trying to learn how to recognize objects. The person is shown a lot of pictures of different objects, and over time, the person’s brain learns to recognize the objects in the pictures. The machine learning algorithm is the same way. It is shown a lot of pictures of different objects, and over time, the machine learning algorithm learns to recognize the objects in the pictures.	confirmation bias	What analogy is used to explain confirmation bias (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box that takes in data as input and produces predictions as output. The predictions can be thought of as the machine’s estimate of the probability that a particular event will occur.	continuous feature	What analogy is used to explain continuous feature (machine learning)?
A convenience sample is like a vending machine. It gives you what you want without you having to do anything special.	convenience sampling	What analogy is used to explain convenience sampling (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in a set of training data as input and outputs a model. The model is a representation of the data that can be used to make predictions on new data.	convex function	What analogy is used to explain convex function (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in a set of training data as input and outputs a model. The model is a representation of the data that can be used to make predictions about new data.	convex optimization	What analogy is used to explain convex optimization (machine learning)?
A convex set is a machine learning term that is used to describe a situation where the margin between the data and the decision boundary is as wide as possible. In other words, the data is spread out as much as possible so that the algorithm can make a more accurate decision.	convex set	What analogy is used to explain convex set (machine learning)?
Convolution is often compared to the workings of the human brain. The brain takes in a large amount of information through the senses, and then filters it through the individual's experiences, memories, and knowledge. This allows the brain to focus on the most important information and ignore the rest. Convolutional neural networks work in a similar way. They take in a large amount of data, including images, and then filter it through the network's learned features. This allows the network to focus on the most important information and ignore the rest.	convolution	What analogy is used to explain convolution (machine learning)?
A convolutional filter is like a set of sunglasses that alters how you see the world. The sunglasses may make the world look a little different, but they won't change the world. However, if you change the glasses, you will see the world in a different way.	convolutional filter	What analogy is used to explain convolutional filter (machine learning)?
A convolutional layer is like a set of filters that are applied to an image. The filters can be used to detect edges, corners, and other features in the image.	convolutional layer	What analogy is used to explain convolutional layer (machine learning)?
A convolutional neural network is a machine learning algorithm that is used to recognize patterns in data. It is similar to a human brain, which is able to recognize patterns in the world around it.	convolutional neural network	What analogy is used to explain convolutional neural network (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for convolutional operation is the use of filters in photography. Just as a filter can be used to change the appearance of an image, a convolutional layer can be used to change the appearance of a feature map.	convolutional operation	What analogy is used to explain convolutional operation (machine learning)?
The cost of a machine learning algorithm can be thought of as the price of admission to the algorithm’s club. The more data you can provide to the algorithm, the more accurately it can learn and generalize to new data. The cost of the algorithm is a function of the number of data points you need to provide to the algorithm in order to train it.	cost	What analogy is used to explain cost (machine learning)?
The analogy of co-training is that it is similar to how humans learn from each other. When humans are young, they learn from their parents and other adults in their lives. As they get older, they learn from their peers and other people in their age group. Co-training is similar to this because it allows machines to learn from each other.	co-training	What analogy is used to explain co-training (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for counterfactual fairness is that of a teacher grading homework. The teacher is not biased against any student, but is fair in grading homework by considering the difficulty of the question and the amount of time the student took to complete it.	counterfactual fairness	What analogy is used to explain counterfactual fairness (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm may be biased if its training data is not representative of the data it will be used to predict on. For example, if a machine learning algorithm is trained on data from a hospital, it may be biased against predicting health outcomes for people who do not live near a hospital.	coverage bias	What analogy is used to explain coverage bias (machine learning)?
A crash blossom is a machine learning term that is used to describe a situation where a machine learning algorithm is given a training dataset that is too small or too unrepresentative of the real world, resulting in the algorithm learning to produce inaccurate predictions.	crash blossom	What analogy is used to explain crash blossom (machine learning)?
A critic in machine learning is similar to a teacher in that they are both responsible for providing feedback that helps the student or machine learner improve.	critic	What analogy is used to explain critic (machine learning)?
Cross-entropy is often explained using the example of two friends, Alice and Bob, who are trying to predict the outcome of a coin flip. Alice believes that the coin will land on heads, while Bob believes that it will land on tails. They both want to be correct, but they have different information. Alice has seen the coin flip many times and it has always landed on heads, while Bob has only seen the coin flip twice, and it has landed on tails both times.The cross-entropy between Alice's belief and the actual outcome is the amount of uncertainty that remains, even after taking into account all of the information that Alice has. This uncertainty can be thought of as a measure of how surprised Alice would be if the coin landed on tails, even though she believes that it will land on heads.	cross-entropy	What analogy is used to explain cross-entropy (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a teacher. The teacher has a lot of information about a student, including test scores, quiz scores, and other data. The teacher can use this information to predict how the student will do on future tests. However, the teacher can also test the student on material that the student has not yet seen. This is like cross-validation. The teacher can see how the student does on material that the student has not yet seen, and this can help the teacher to improve the predictions that the teacher makes about the student.	cross-validation	What analogy is used to explain cross-validation (machine learning)?
The analogy of data analysis (machine learning) is that it is like a teacher. A teacher observes a student's behavior and then provides feedback that helps the student learn and improve. Data analysis (machine learning) observes data and provides feedback that helps the data learn and improve.	data analysis	What analogy is used to explain data analysis (machine learning)?
The analogy of data augmentation is that it is like a gym for your data. Just as you go to the gym to improve your physical fitness, you can go to the gym for your data to improve its fitness.	data augmentation	What analogy is used to explain data augmentation (machine learning)?
A decision boundary is a metaphor used to explain how a machine learning algorithm works. The boundary is like a fence that separates the data into two groups: those that the machine learning algorithm can learn from and those that it can't. The data that the machine learning algorithm can learn from is called the training set, while the data that it can't learn from is called the validation set.	decision boundary	What analogy is used to explain decision boundary (machine learning)?
A decision threshold is a point at which a machine learning algorithm decides whether or not to classify an input as belonging to a certain category. This point is often determined by a set of predetermined parameters that the algorithm uses to make its decision.	decision threshold	What analogy is used to explain decision threshold (machine learning)?
A decision tree is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the outcome of a decision. It works by splitting the data into two branches, based on a decision point. The algorithm then continues to split the data into two branches, until it reaches a point where the data can no longer be split. At this point, the algorithm will predict the outcome of the decision based on the data that is in the branch.	decision tree	What analogy is used to explain decision tree (machine learning)?
A deep model can be thought of as a stack of layers of neurons, where each layer is connected to the next. The first layer receives input from the environment, such as images or text. The input is then processed by the neurons in the first layer, which pass the information on to the next layer. This process continues until the information reaches the final layer, which outputs the result.	deep model	What analogy is used to explain deep model (machine learning)?
A decoder is a machine learning algorithm that takes a compressed representation of a data set as input and produces a more accurate representation of the data as output.	decoder	What analogy is used to explain decoder (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain deep neural network is that it is similar to the human brain. The human brain has a large number of neurons that are interconnected. This allows the brain to learn and remember information. The deep neural network also has a large number of neurons that are interconnected. This allows the deep neural network to learn and remember information.	deep neural network	What analogy is used to explain deep neural network (machine learning)?
A deep q-network (dqn) is a machine learning algorithm that is used to approximate the value of a function. It is similar to a deep neural network, but it is specifically designed to approximate the value of a function.	deep q-network (dqn)	What analogy is used to explain deep q-network (dqn) (machine learning)?
A good analogy to explain demographic parity is to think of two buckets, one with red marbles and one with blue marbles. The number of red and blue marbles in each bucket is the same. In other words, there is parity between the two colors. This is analogous to demographic parity in machine learning, where the number of red and blue data points is the same.	demographic parity	What analogy is used to explain demographic parity (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain denoising is that it is like cleaning up a picture. Denoising is the process of removing noise from a signal.	denoising	What analogy is used to explain denoising (machine learning)?
A good analogy for dense feature is to think of it as a high-resolution image. Just as a high-resolution image has more detail than a low-resolution image, dense feature has more detail than sparse feature. This extra detail can be helpful for tasks like object recognition and classification.	dense feature	What analogy is used to explain dense feature (machine learning)?
A good analogy for a dense layer is a brick wall. The bricks in the wall are densely packed together, and there is very little space between them. This makes the wall strong and difficult to penetrate.	dense layer	What analogy is used to explain dense layer (machine learning)?
Depth in machine learning is often explained using the analogy of a pyramid. The base of the pyramid is the largest and most diverse group of data. The layers of the pyramid are successively smaller and more specific groups of data. The tip of the pyramid is the smallest and most specific group of data. The pyramid analogy represents the idea that the more data you have, the more accurate your machine learning algorithm will be.	depth	What analogy is used to explain depth (machine learning)?
A sepcnn can be thought of as a two-dimensional array of neurons, where each neuron in one dimension is connected to every neuron in the other dimension. The input to the sepcnn is a two-dimensional array of data, and the output is a two-dimensional array of predictions.	depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn)	What analogy is used to explain depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) (machine learning)?
Dimension reduction is like taking a large number of pictures of a person and then reducing the number of pictures by combining some of them together. This is done by finding common features between the pictures.	dimension reduction	What analogy is used to explain dimension reduction (machine learning)?
Dimensions are often compared to the dimensions of a physical object. Just as a physical object has length, width, and height, a machine learning model has input dimensions, output dimensions, and hidden dimensions.	dimensions	What analogy is used to explain dimensions (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box that takes in data as input and produces a prediction as output. The prediction might be a number, a word, or a category. The black box can be thought of as having a number of knobs that can be turned to change the way the machine learning algorithm works.	discrete feature	What analogy is used to explain discrete feature (machine learning)?
A discriminative model is a machine learning model that is used to distinguish between different categories of data. For example, a discriminative model could be used to distinguish between images of cats and images of dogs.	discriminative model	What analogy is used to explain discriminative model (machine learning)?
The discriminator is a machine learning algorithm that is used to distinguish between different types of data. It is similar to a human being who can distinguish between different types of animals.	discriminator	What analogy is used to explain discriminator (machine learning)?
The analogy of a machine learning algorithm is that of a person who is learning to recognize objects. The more data the person is exposed to, the better they will become at recognizing objects. The machine learning algorithm is exposed to data in the same way, and it will become better at recognizing patterns the more data it is exposed to.	disparate impact	What analogy is used to explain disparate impact (machine learning)?
The analogy of disparate treatment is often used when explaining machine learning. In this analogy, the computer is often seen as a black box. This black box is fed data, and it will learn from this data. It will then be able to make predictions based on this data. However, it is often difficult to understand how the computer is making these predictions.	disparate treatment	What analogy is used to explain disparate treatment (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain divisive clustering is that of a group of people. When a new person joins the group, the group will naturally divide into two groups, one consisting of the people who were already in the group, and the new person. The new person will then join the group of people who were already in the group, and the process will repeat. This is how divisive clustering works in machine learning; it takes a group of data points and divides them into two groups, based on their similarities.	divisive clustering	What analogy is used to explain divisive clustering (machine learning)?
Downsampling is the process of reducing the number of data points in a dataset. This can be done for a number of reasons, such as to improve performance or to reduce the size of the dataset. Downsampling can be thought of as a form of data compression.	downsampling	What analogy is used to explain downsampling (machine learning)?
A computer is like a brain. It can learn and make decisions on its own.	dqn	What analogy is used to explain dqn (machine learning)?
The analogy of early stopping is that it is like a person who is learning a new language. If they stop learning the language after a certain point, they will never be able to fluently speak the language. However, if they continue learning the language, they will eventually be able to fluently speak the language.	early stopping	What analogy is used to explain early stopping (machine learning)?
The analogy is used to explain earth mover's distance (emd) (machine learning). The earth mover's distance (emd) (machine learning) is the distance between two points on a graph. The distance is measured in terms of how much work it would take to move the points from their current location to the desired location.	earth mover's distance (emd)	What analogy is used to explain earth mover's distance (emd) (machine learning)?
An analogy to explain embeddings is to think of a person’s brain as a computer. The brain has many different parts, called neurons. Each neuron is connected to other neurons. When a person learns something, like a new word, the brain stores the information in a specific location. The location is determined by the connections between the neurons.	embeddings	What analogy is used to explain embeddings (machine learning)?
An analogy to explain embedding space is to think of it as a map. The map has different colors to represent different areas. Each area is labeled with a specific name. The map can be used to help someone find their way around the area. The map can also be used to learn more about the different areas.	embedding space	What analogy is used to explain embedding space (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a farmer who is trying to minimize the risk of losing his crops. He does this by planting a variety of crops, using different methods of irrigation, and rotating his crops.	empirical risk minimization (erm)	What analogy is used to explain empirical risk minimization (erm) (machine learning)?
The encoder is like a teacher. It is constantly learning and adjusting its teaching methods in order to produce the best results.	encoder	What analogy is used to explain encoder (machine learning)?
An analogy to explain ensemble learning is to think of a group of people who are experts in different areas. If you need to know something about a particular topic, you can ask any one of them and they will be able to help you. The group as a whole is smarter than any individual member, because the group has access to more information and expertise.	ensemble	What analogy is used to explain ensemble (machine learning)?
The environment is like a teacher. The teacher provides feedback to the student on how well they are doing.	environment	What analogy is used to explain environment (machine learning)?
Episode is machine learning is similar to how humans learn. When a baby is born, they are not born with knowledge. They learn from their environment and experiences. The same is true for machines. They learn from the data they are given.	episode	What analogy is used to explain episode (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a farmer who is trying to maximize the yield from his land. He starts by planting a small number of seeds and then, based on how well they grow, he plants more seeds in the areas that are doing well.	epsilon greedy policy	What analogy is used to explain epsilon greedy policy (machine learning)?
An analogy to explain equality of opportunity in machine learning is to think of a classroom of students. Each student has an equal opportunity to learn, regardless of their race, gender, or socioeconomic status. Similarly, in machine learning, each algorithm has an equal opportunity to learn from the data, regardless of its size, complexity, or source.	equality of opportunity	What analogy is used to explain equality of opportunity (machine learning)?
The analogy of equalized odds is that it is like a machine that is being adjusted to be more accurate. The more it is used, the more it is able to adjust and the more accurate it becomes.	equalized odds	What analogy is used to explain equalized odds (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a recipe. You give it some data (the ingredients), and it produces a result (the cake).	example	What analogy is used to explain example (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain experience replay is that it is like a person watching a movie. The person watches the movie and then remembers what happened in the movie. The person can then use that information to make decisions.	experience replay	What analogy is used to explain experience replay (machine learning)?
The analogy of experimenter's bias is that it is the equivalent of a human being looking at a set of data and trying to find a pattern. The human being is biased towards finding a pattern, and this bias can distort the results of the analysis. In the context of machine learning, this means that the algorithm is biased towards finding a pattern in the data, even if one does not exist.	experimenter's bias	What analogy is used to explain experimenter's bias (machine learning)?
The analogy is used to explain that the machine learning algorithm is like a balloon. The more data you add, the more the balloon expands. However, at a certain point, the balloon explodes because it can no longer contain the data. The same thing happens with the machine learning algorithm. The more data you add, the more the algorithm expands. However, at a certain point, the algorithm explodes because it can no longer contain the data.	exploding gradient problem	What analogy is used to explain exploding gradient problem (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a map. It can be used to show you the best way to get from one place to another. But it can only show you the best way if it knows where you are starting from and where you want to go.	fairness constraint	What analogy is used to explain fairness constraint (machine learning)?
A fairness metric is like a ruler. It is used to measure how fair a machine learning algorithm is.	fairness metric	What analogy is used to explain fairness metric (machine learning)?
A federated learning system is like a group of people learning a new skill together. Each person in the group learns a little bit, and then they all come together to share what they’ve learned. This allows them to learn the skill faster and better than any of them could have learned it on their own.	federated learning	What analogy is used to explain federated learning (machine learning)?
A machine learning feedback loop is similar to a thermostat in your home. The thermostat is constantly monitoring the temperature and then making small adjustments to the furnace to keep the temperature consistent. In the same way, the machine learning feedback loop is constantly monitoring the performance of the algorithm and making small adjustments to the algorithm to keep the performance consistent.	feedback loop	What analogy is used to explain feedback loop (machine learning)?
A feedforward neural network is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict future events. It is similar to a predictive model, but it is more accurate and efficient.	feedforward neural network (ffn)	What analogy is used to explain feedforward neural network (ffn) (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a person learning to play a new game. In the beginning, the person may not know how to play the game at all. However, after playing the game a few times, the person will start to get the hang of it and will be able to play the game better each time.	few-shot learning	What analogy is used to explain few-shot learning (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy to explain fine tuning is that of a person who has just learned how to drive a car. After some practice, the person becomes more skilled at driving and is able to drive in more difficult conditions, such as in bad weather or in a city. The person's driving skills have been "fine tuned."	fine tuning	What analogy is used to explain fine tuning (machine learning)?
A forget gate is a machine learning analogy that is used to explain how a machine learning algorithm can forget information that it has learned. The analogy is that a forget gate is like a door that can be opened to allow information to be forgotten. The forget gate can be used to selectively forget information that is no longer needed or relevant.	forget gate	What analogy is used to explain forget gate (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for full softmax is that it is like a group of people each with a different opinion on a topic, and the goal is to find the most popular opinion. To do this, each person shares their opinion and then the group votes on the most popular opinion. This is repeated until a consensus is reached.	full softmax	What analogy is used to explain full softmax (machine learning)?
A fully connected layer is a neural network layer where each neuron is connected to every other neuron in the layer.	fully connected layer	What analogy is used to explain fully connected layer (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a person learning to recognize objects. The more examples of objects the person sees, the better they will be at recognizing objects in the future.	gan	What analogy is used to explain gan (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function, which takes in an input (a set of training data) and outputs a prediction. The prediction is a generalization of the training data: it is a prediction of how the algorithm would perform on data that it has never seen before.	generalization	What analogy is used to explain generalization (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in an input (a set of training data) and outputs a prediction. The prediction is a generalization of the training data: it is a prediction of how the algorithm will perform on data that it has never seen before. The prediction is based on how well the algorithm has been trained on the data it has seen.	generalization curve	What analogy is used to explain generalization curve (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box that takes in input data (X) and produces an output (Y) prediction. The input data can be thought of as a set of training data points, and the output prediction can be thought of as the machine learning algorithm’s prediction for each data point in the training set.	generalized linear model	What analogy is used to explain generalized linear model (machine learning)?
GAN is a machine learning algorithm used to generate realistic images. It is composed of two neural networks competing against each other, hence the name "generative adversarial network". The first network, the "generator", tries to create fake images that look real. The second network, the "discriminator", tries to distinguish between real images and fake images created by the generator. The two networks are constantly learning from each other, with the generator trying to create images that the discriminator cannot tell are fake, and the discriminator trying to become better at distinguishing between real and fake images.	generative adversarial network (gan)	What analogy is used to explain generative adversarial network (gan) (machine learning)?
A generative model is a machine learning model that is used to generate new data. It is similar to a neural network in that it is composed of a number of interconnected layers. However, a generative model is used to generate new data, while a neural network is used to learn from data.	generative model	What analogy is used to explain generative model (machine learning)?
A generator is a machine learning algorithm that is used to create new data samples. It is similar to a random number generator, which is used to create random numbers.	generator	What analogy is used to explain generator (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a person who is very good at learning new things. This person can learn a new language quickly, for example. The person is the machine learning algorithm, and the new language is the data set.	gpt (generative pre-trained transformer)	What analogy is used to explain gpt (generative pre-trained transformer) (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. We put some data in the box, and the box produces a prediction. The prediction is a function of the data that we put in, and we don’t know what the function is. We can think of the data as a set of points in a high-dimensional space. The function that the black box produces is a curve that goes through all of these points. We can think of the curve as a kind of map of the data. The gradient of the curve is a measure of how quickly it changes as we move from one point to another. The gradient tells us how to move from one point to another so that we can find the best possible prediction.	gradient	What analogy is used to explain gradient (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for gradient clipping is the use of a magnifying glass to clip a sunbeam. The magnifying glass is used to focus the sunbeam to a smaller area, which produces more heat at the focused area. Gradient clipping is used to focus the gradient of a function to a smaller area, which produces a more focused gradient and less noise.	gradient clipping	What analogy is used to explain gradient clipping (machine learning)?
A greedy policy in machine learning is similar to a greedy algorithm, which is a decision-making process that takes into account the best option at each step, in order to find the best overall solution. In the context of machine learning, a greedy policy is one that is designed to learn the best option at each step, in order to find the best overall solution.	greedy policy	What analogy is used to explain greedy policy (machine learning)?
The analogy of ground truth in machine learning is similar to that of a map. A map is a representation of the earth's surface that is created by a cartographer. The map is the ground truth, and it is used to help navigate and understand the world around us. In the same way, the training data in machine learning is used to create a model that can be used to understand and predict the behavior of a system.	ground truth	What analogy is used to explain ground truth (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain group attribution bias is that of a group of people looking at a painting. Each person in the group will have a different interpretation of the painting, based on their own individual perspective. However, the group will ultimately come to a consensus about what the painting is supposed to represent. This is similar to how machine learning algorithms work; each individual machine learning algorithm will have its own interpretation of the data, but the group will ultimately come to a consensus about what the data is supposed to represent.	group attribution bias	What analogy is used to explain group attribution bias (machine learning)?
Hashing is similar to a dictionary. It takes a word and turns it into a number. It can then compare any two numbers to see if they are the same.	hashing	What analogy is used to explain hashing (machine learning)?
Heuristic is machine learning is like a person learning how to drive a car. The person starts by learning the basic controls of the car, such as the gas pedal, brake pedal, and steering wheel. Then, the person starts driving around town, practicing how to make turns, stop at intersections, and change lanes. Over time, the person becomes more comfortable driving and starts to learn the best routes to take and the shortcuts to take.	heuristic	What analogy is used to explain heuristic (machine learning)?
The analogy of a hidden layer is that it is like a black box. You put in data and it spits out predictions, but you don't know what is happening inside the black box.	hidden layer	What analogy is used to explain hidden layer (machine learning)?
Hierarchical clustering is often explained using the example of a family tree. In a family tree, each person is a node, and each node is connected to two other nodes: the parent node and the child node. The nodes are clustered together based on their relationship to one another. The same principle applies to hierarchical clustering algorithms: the nodes are clustered together based on their relationship to one another.	hierarchical clustering	What analogy is used to explain hierarchical clustering (machine learning)?
Hinge loss is a machine learning term that is used to describe the loss of accuracy that is caused by the omission of data. This loss of accuracy is often seen when a machine learning algorithm is used to predict the outcome of a particular event.	hinge loss	What analogy is used to explain hinge loss (machine learning)?
A holdout is a set of data that is not used in the training of a machine learning algorithm, but is used to evaluate the accuracy of the algorithm. The analogy that is often used to explain holdout data is that it is like a "test set" of data that is used to evaluate the accuracy of a machine learning algorithm.	holdout data	What analogy is used to explain holdout data (machine learning)?
A hyperparameter is a parameter of a machine learning algorithm that is not learned during the learning process, but is instead set by the user. It is analogous to the knobs and dials on a stereo that allow the user to control the sound.	hyperparameter	What analogy is used to explain hyperparameter (machine learning)?
A hyperplane is a mathematical concept used in machine learning. It is a flat plane that splits a set of points in two, with all the points on one side of the plane belonging to one group, and all the points on the other side belonging to a different group.	hyperplane	What analogy is used to explain hyperplane (machine learning)?
I.i.d. is often explained using the analogy of a random number generator. Just as a random number generator produces a sequence of random numbers that are each independent of the others, so too are the outputs of a machine learning algorithm independent of one another.	i.i.d.	What analogy is used to explain i.i.d. (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain image recognition is that it is similar to a person's ability to recognize a friend's face. The machine learning algorithm is able to learn the features of a particular image and then match it to other images that have been previously stored in the system.	image recognition	What analogy is used to explain image recognition (machine learning)?
A dataset is imbalanced when one class is much more common than the other. This can happen when, for example, the positive class is a very rare event. In this case, the dataset is said to be "skewed" towards the negative class.One analogy for an imbalanced dataset is to imagine you are a doctor trying to diagnose a rare disease. Suppose that out of the 100 patients you see, only one has the disease. This would be an imbalanced dataset, because the positive class (the disease) is very rare.	imbalanced dataset	What analogy is used to explain imbalanced dataset (machine learning)?
The analogy of implicit bias is that it is like a machine learning algorithm. Just as a machine learning algorithm can be taught to recognize patterns in data, implicit bias can be taught to recognize patterns in people.	implicit bias	What analogy is used to explain implicit bias (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of two people trying to cross a river. One person can cross the river quickly and easily, while the other person can only cross the river by swimming. The first person represents a fairness metric that is easily able to identify good and bad outcomes, while the second person represents a fairness metric that is only able to identify bad outcomes.	incompatibility of fairness metrics	What analogy is used to explain incompatibility of fairness metrics (machine learning)?
A good analogy for i.i.d. is the tossing of a fair coin. The coin has two possible outcomes, heads or tails, and the probability of each outcome is always the same. When you toss the coin, the outcome is independent of the outcome of any previous tosses.	independently and identically distributed (i.i.d)	What analogy is used to explain independently and identically distributed (i.i.d) (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for individual fairness is that it is like a person being treated the same way every time they go to a restaurant. The restaurant would give them the same food and the same service each time.	individual fairness	What analogy is used to explain individual fairness (machine learning)?
Analogy: Inference is like a detective coming to a crime scene. The detective looks at the clues and tries to figure out what happened.	inference	What analogy is used to explain inference (machine learning)?
In-group bias is similar to the way a computer is taught to recognize objects. The computer is shown many pictures of objects, and it is taught to recognize the patterns that are common to all the pictures. After it has been taught to recognize the patterns, the computer can then identify objects in new pictures that it has never seen before. In the same way, people are taught to recognize the patterns that are common to all the members of their group. After they have been taught to recognize the patterns, they can then identify members of their group who are different from the norm.	in-group bias	What analogy is used to explain in-group bias (machine learning)?
The input layer is the first layer in a machine learning algorithm. It is responsible for taking in the data that will be used to train the algorithm.	input layer	What analogy is used to explain input layer (machine learning)?
Interpretability is often described as being similar to a car. A car has many parts that all work together to make it move. If you want to know how the car works, you need to understand how each of these parts works. The same is true for machine learning models. You need to understand how each part of the model works (e.g. the input, the algorithm, and the output) in order to understand how the model works as a whole.	interpretability	What analogy is used to explain interpretability (machine learning)?
A good analogy for inter-rater agreement is that of a group of people judging the quality of a painting. If each person looks at the painting and assigns a score from 1 to 10, the average score will be a good indication of the painting’s quality. However, if one person assigns a score of 1 and all the other people assign a score of 10, the average score will be misleading. This is because the low score by the one person will have a large impact on the average. In the same way, if there is a lot of disagreement among raters, the machine learning algorithm will be less accurate.	inter-rater agreement	What analogy is used to explain inter-rater agreement (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain intersection over union (iou) is that it is like a Venn diagram. The intersection is the part that is common to both sets, and the union is the combined set of all the elements in both sets.	intersection over union (iou)	What analogy is used to explain intersection over union (iou) (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain machine learning is that it is like a child learning how to speak. The child is not given a set of rules to follow, but instead is given examples of what is expected. The child then uses these examples to learn how to speak correctly.	iou	What analogy is used to explain iou (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain item matrix is that it is similar to a spreadsheet. The item matrix is a table that lists all of the items in a study and the responses of the participants to each item.	item matrix	What analogy is used to explain item matrix (machine learning)?
The analogy of items is used to explain machine learning. Just as you can go to a store and purchase different items, you can also go to a machine learning store and purchase different items. These items are called algorithms and models.	items	What analogy is used to explain items (machine learning)?
Iteration is often compared to a machine learning algorithm. Just as a machine learning algorithm "learns" from data, so too does iteration. The key difference is that a machine learning algorithm can improve its performance over time, while iteration can only improve its performance relative to the current best solution.	iteration	What analogy is used to explain iteration (machine learning)?
Keras is a machine learning library that is used to build and train deep learning models. It is similar to TensorFlow in that it provides a high-level API for building models, but it is also more user-friendly and easier to learn.	keras	What analogy is used to explain keras (machine learning)?
An analogy to explain keypoints is that they are like the corners of a room. If you want to know what the room looks like, you need to know the location of the corners. The same is true for images. To know what an image looks like, you need to know the location of the keypoints.	keypoints	What analogy is used to explain keypoints (machine learning)?
A kernel support vector machine (ksvm) is a machine learning algorithm that uses kernels to map input data to a higher dimensional space, where a linear classifier can be more accurately trained.	kernel support vector machines (ksvms)	What analogy is used to explain kernel support vector machines (ksvms) (machine learning)?
K-means is a machine learning algorithm that is used to partition data into clusters. It is similar to the way that a human would group objects together. For example, a human might group a bunch of oranges together, a bunch of apples together, and a bunch of bananas together.	k-means	What analogy is used to explain k-means (machine learning)?
The analogy is used to explain that k-median is similar to a postal worker who is given a list of addresses and is asked to deliver mail to the median house on the street.	k-median	What analogy is used to explain k-median (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain l1 loss (machine learning) is that it is like a person trying to lose weight. The person wants to lose weight by cutting out as much fat as possible from their diet. However, they also want to make sure they are still getting the right amount of protein, carbohydrates, and other nutrients. So, they cut out as much fat as possible while still trying to eat the right amount of other nutrients.	l1 loss	What analogy is used to explain l1 loss (machine learning)?
L1 regularization is similar to a parent tightening their grip on a child's hand as they walk together. The child is able to move more freely, but the parent's grip also ensures that the child does not wander too far away. In the same way, L1 regularization helps to prevent overfitting by constraining the model's parameters, while still allowing it to learn the underlying patterns in the data.	l1 regularization	What analogy is used to explain l1 regularization (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain l2 loss (machine learning) is that it is similar to a person losing weight. In order to lose weight, a person must burn more calories than they consume. In the same way, in order to reduce l2 loss, a machine learning algorithm must reduce the error rate by more than the l2 loss.	l2 loss	What analogy is used to explain l2 loss (machine learning)?
L2 regularization is similar to the way that humans learn. When a human is learning, they are constantly adjusting their beliefs based on feedback they receive. If they are told that they are wrong, they will adjust their beliefs to be more accurate. L2 regularization does the same thing for machines. It adjusts the machine's beliefs based on feedback it receives. This helps the machine to learn more accurately and avoid overfitting to the data.	l2 regularization	What analogy is used to explain l2 regularization (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. You put data in one end, and the algorithm produces a prediction or decision out the other. The box is labeled with the name of the algorithm, so you know what’s going on inside.	labeled example	What analogy is used to explain labeled example (machine learning)?
Lamda is used to explain machine learning as a dialogue application. It is used to show how a computer can learn to have a conversation with a human.	lamda (language model for dialogue applications)	What analogy is used to explain lamda (language model for dialogue applications) (machine learning)?
Lambda is used to explain machine learning as a function. Just as a function takes an input and produces an output, lambda takes in data and produces a machine learning model.	lambda	What analogy is used to explain lambda (machine learning)?
Landmarks are like signposts. They are used to help orient you and tell you where you are. In the same way, landmarks in machine learning are used to help orient you and tell you where you are in the data.	landmarks	What analogy is used to explain landmarks (machine learning)?
A language model is a machine learning model that is used to predict the next word in a sentence. The model is trained on a large corpus of text data.	language model	What analogy is used to explain language model (machine learning)?
A large language model is like a very large dictionary. It can contain a lot of information about words and their relationships.	large language model	What analogy is used to explain large language model (machine learning)?
Least squares regression is similar to fitting a straight line to a set of data points. The line is fitted so that the sum of the squares of the vertical distances between the line and the data points is minimized.	least squares regression	What analogy is used to explain least squares regression (machine learning)?
Linear model is used to explain machine learning as a way of predicting the outcome of a situation, based on the input data. Just as a linear equation can be graphed to show how one variable affects another, a linear model can be used to show how different factors in a situation can be used to predict the outcome.	linear model	What analogy is used to explain linear model (machine learning)?
Linear regression is often explained using the example of predicting someone's future income based on their age, sex, and education level. In this analogy, the age, sex, and education level are the input variables, and the future income is the output variable.	linear regression	What analogy is used to explain linear regression (machine learning)?
Logistic regression is similar to a mathematical model of how a fertilized egg develops into a baby. The egg is like the input data, and the baby is like the predicted output. The model takes into account different factors that can influence the outcome, such as the mother's age, weight, and smoking habits.	logistic regression	What analogy is used to explain logistic regression (machine learning)?
Logits are similar to the odds of an event occurring. Just as the odds of flipping a coin and getting heads are 1 in 2, the logit of getting heads is 1. Similarly, the logit of getting tails is -1.	logits	What analogy is used to explain logits (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain log loss is that it is the “error” in a machine learning model. It is the difference between the predicted value and the actual value.	log loss	What analogy is used to explain log loss (machine learning)?
A log-odds score is a measure of how likely it is that a particular observation belongs to a particular class. It is computed by taking the natural logarithm of the ratio of the probability of the observation belonging to the class to the probability of the observation not belonging to the class.	log-odds	What analogy is used to explain log-odds (machine learning)?
LSTM is like a train conductor. The conductor is responsible for ensuring that the train arrives at the correct destination. The conductor must keep track of the train's location and make sure that the train stays on the tracks. LSTM is responsible for remembering information over a long period of time and ensuring that the information is accurate.	long short-term memory (lstm)	What analogy is used to explain long short-term memory (lstm) (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain loss curve is that of a teacher grading students' tests. The teacher starts by grading the tests on a curve, with the top students getting A's and the lowest students getting F's. However, as the teacher grades more and more tests, the curve becomes flatter and flatter, with more students getting C's and D's. Eventually, the teacher stops grading on a curve and simply starts grading students on their actual test scores. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm starts by grading data on a curve, with the most accurate data getting the best scores. However, as the algorithm trains on more and more data, it becomes better at distinguishing accurate data from inaccurate data, and the curve becomes flatter and flatter. Eventually, the algorithm stops grading data on a curve and simply starts using the actual data scores.	loss curve	What analogy is used to explain loss curve (machine learning)?
A loss surface is a three-dimensional surface that is used to visualize the loss (or error) of a machine learning algorithm as it is trained on a set of data. The surface is created by plotting the loss value for every point in a training set.	loss surface	What analogy is used to explain loss surface (machine learning)?
LSTM is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the future. It is similar to a human brain in that it can remember things that have happened in the past and use that information to predict what might happen in the future.	lstm	What analogy is used to explain lstm (machine learning)?
The analogy is that the majority class is like a teacher. The teacher is always right, and the students are always trying to learn from the teacher.	majority class	What analogy is used to explain majority class (machine learning)?
A Markov decision process (MDP) is a decision theory tool used in machine learning. It helps a decision maker model a situation in which they must make a series of choices, each of which depends on the last choice made. The MDP can be used to calculate the best course of action for a given situation.	markov decision process (mdp)	What analogy is used to explain markov decision process (mdp) (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a Markov chain, where the states are the training data and the transition probabilities are the probabilities of moving from one state to another given the current state and the features of the data.	markov property	What analogy is used to explain markov property (machine learning)?
A masked language model is a machine learning model that is used to predict the next word in a text sequence. The model is trained on a large corpus of text data, and it is able to predict the next word in a text sequence with high accuracy.	masked language model	What analogy is used to explain masked language model (machine learning)?
Matplotlib is a machine learning library that is used to create graphs and charts. It is similar to Microsoft Excel in that it allows you to create graphs and charts of your data.	matplotlib	What analogy is used to explain matplotlib (machine learning)?
Matrix factorization is similar to the process of reducing a large number to a smaller number that is easier to work with. For example, imagine you are given a list of 100 numbers. You can reduce this list by dividing it in half, then dividing the resulting list in half, and so on. Eventually, you will be left with a list of numbers that are much easier to work with. Matrix factorization works in a similar way. It takes a large matrix of data and breaks it down into smaller matrices, which are easier to work with and understand.	matrix factorization	What analogy is used to explain matrix factorization (machine learning)?
Meta-learning is like a human learning how to learn. Just as a person learns new skills, such as how to ride a bike, through practice and feedback, a machine learning algorithm can learn how to learn by trying different things and seeing what works best.	meta-learning	What analogy is used to explain meta-learning (machine learning)?
A metrics API is like a car's dashboard. It provides information about how the car is performing, such as the speed, the engine temperature, and the amount of gas in the tank. The metrics API in TensorFlow provides information about the performance of a machine learning model, such as the accuracy and the loss.	metrics api (tf.metrics)	What analogy is used to explain metrics api (tf.metrics) (machine learning)?
A mini-batch is a small set of data that is used to train a machine learning algorithm. The mini-batch is typically a fraction of the size of the data set that is used to train the algorithm. This allows the algorithm to learn more quickly and produce better results.	mini-batch	What analogy is used to explain mini-batch (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for mini-batch stochastic gradient descent is that it is like a hiker descending a mountain. The hiker takes small steps down the mountain, which makes the descent less treacherous. In the same way, mini-batch stochastic gradient descent takes small steps in the direction of the minimum error, making the learning process less risky.	mini-batch stochastic gradient descent	What analogy is used to explain mini-batch stochastic gradient descent (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a gambler playing a game of blackjack. The gambler is trying to minimize their losses (minimax loss) over the course of the game.	minimax loss	What analogy is used to explain minimax loss (machine learning)?
A minority class is a group of data points in a machine learning dataset that is not well represented by the majority class. This can be compared to a group of people who are not well represented by the majority population. For example, in the United States, minorities make up a large percentage of the population, but they are often underrepresented in politics and other areas of society.	minority class	What analogy is used to explain minority class (machine learning)?
The analogy of ml is that it is like a computer that can learn on its own. It is constantly learning and improving its performance as it goes along.	ml	What analogy is used to explain ml (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain mnist is that it is like a person learning how to read. The person starts with learning the letters of the alphabet and then progresses to reading words. Mnist is similar in that it starts with teaching the computer how to recognize individual letters and then progresses to recognizing words.	mnist	What analogy is used to explain mnist (machine learning)?
The analogy of a machine learning algorithm as a black box is often used. The box takes in input (the data) and produces an output. The user has no idea what is happening inside the box, but they trust that the box is functioning correctly and that the output is accurate.	modality	What analogy is used to explain modality (machine learning)?
A model capacity is like the number of people that can be seated in a movie theater. The more people that are seated, the more crowded it becomes and the less comfortable it is. The model capacity is the number of people that the model can hold.	model capacity	What analogy is used to explain model capacity (machine learning)?
The analogy of a model parallelism is that it is similar to a human brain. Just as the human brain has many different parts that work together to achieve a goal, a model parallelism has many different parts that work together to achieve a goal.	model parallelism	What analogy is used to explain model parallelism (machine learning)?
The analogy of model training is that of a person learning to play a musical instrument. The person first learns the basic notes and then practices playing the notes in different combinations. After practicing for a while, the person can play a song. The model is trained by first learning the basic notes (the input data) and then practicing playing the notes in different combinations (the training data). After practicing for a while, the model can predict the output data.	model training	What analogy is used to explain model training (machine learning)?
An analogy to explain momentum in machine learning is to think of it as a train. The more cars (or data) that are added to the train, the more momentum it has and the more difficult it is to stop.	momentum	What analogy is used to explain momentum (machine learning)?
A multi-class classification problem can be thought of as a series of binary classification problems, one for each class.	multi-class classification	What analogy is used to explain multi-class classification (machine learning)?
A multi-class logistic regression can be thought of as a machine learning algorithm that can be used to predict a categorical outcome, such as whether or not a customer will buy a product. The algorithm is able to learn how to predict the outcome by using a training dataset that includes examples of customers who have bought the product and customers who have not bought the product.	multi-class logistic regression	What analogy is used to explain multi-class logistic regression (machine learning)?
A multi-head self-attention mechanism is similar to the way a human brain attends to multiple things at once. The human brain has multiple regions that can attend to different things simultaneously, allowing the brain to process information more efficiently. A multi-head self-attention mechanism works in a similar way, by allowing the machine learning algorithm to attend to multiple parts of the input data at the same time. This allows the algorithm to learn more effectively from the data and to produce better predictions.	multi-head self-attention	What analogy is used to explain multi-head self-attention (machine learning)?
A multimodal model is like a Swiss Army knife. It can be used for many different purposes, just like the knife can be used for many different tasks.	multimodal model	What analogy is used to explain multimodal model (machine learning)?
A multinomial classification algorithm is like a human being who is given a list of objects and is asked to group them into categories. The human being looks at the objects and decides which category each object belongs to.	multinomial classification	What analogy is used to explain multinomial classification (machine learning)?
Multinomial regression is similar to a decision tree. It is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the outcome of a categorical variable.	multinomial regression	What analogy is used to explain multinomial regression (machine learning)?
Nan traps are used to capture and store small particles. The analogy used to explain machine learning is that the nan traps are used to capture and store data. The data is then used to train the machine learning algorithm.	nan trap	What analogy is used to explain nan trap (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain natural language understanding is that it is similar to teaching a computer to understand human language. Just as humans learn new words and how to use them by seeing and hearing them used in different contexts, a computer learns to understand new words and how to use them by seeing and hearing them used in different contexts.	natural language understanding	What analogy is used to explain natural language understanding (machine learning)?
A negative class in machine learning is often compared to a black box. Just as you cannot see inside a black box to know what is happening, you cannot see inside a negative class to know what is happening.	negative class	What analogy is used to explain negative class (machine learning)?
A neural network is a bit like the human brain. It is made up of a large number of interconnected processing nodes, or neurons, that can learn to recognize patterns of input data.	neural network	What analogy is used to explain neural network (machine learning)?
A neuron is a machine learning algorithm that is inspired by the workings of the brain. It is a type of artificial neural network.	neuron	What analogy is used to explain neuron (machine learning)?
N-gram is a machine learning technique that is used to predict the next word in a text. It works by breaking a text into small pieces and then predicting the next word based on the previous words.	n-gram	What analogy is used to explain n-gram (machine learning)?
Nlu is machine learning is similar to a human brain. The human brain has billions of neurons that are constantly communicating with each other. The neurons are constantly learning and changing as they communicate with each other. Nlu is similar to this because it is constantly learning and changing as it communicates with other nlu's.	nlu	What analogy is used to explain nlu (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who is trying to learn how to predict something by studying examples. If the examples are not representative of the real world, the machine learning algorithm will not be able to predict things accurately.	non-response bias	What analogy is used to explain non-response bias (machine learning)?
The analogy of an optimizer is that of a person who is trying to lose weight. The optimizer is constantly trying to find the best way to lose weight by experimenting with different methods and then choosing the one that works best.	optimizer	What analogy is used to explain optimizer (machine learning)?
The analogy is that the out-group is like a machine learning algorithm that is not as good as the in-group.	out-group homogeneity bias	What analogy is used to explain out-group homogeneity bias (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. The box takes in some input, does some processing, and produces some output. The box is constantly learning and improving its performance by tweaking its internal parameters in response to feedback from the input data.	parameter update	What analogy is used to explain parameter update (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box that takes in an input (x) and produces an output (y). The partial derivative of y with respect to x measures the rate of change of y as x changes, keeping all other variables constant.	partial derivative	What analogy is used to explain partial derivative (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who is trying to learn how to recognize objects. If the only examples that the person sees are of a particular type of object, they will be better at recognizing that type of object than other types of objects.	participation bias	What analogy is used to explain participation bias (machine learning)?
A partitioning strategy is like a pie chart. It is a way to divide up a set of data so that it can be more easily analyzed.	partitioning strategy	What analogy is used to explain partitioning strategy (machine learning)?
A perceptron is a machine learning algorithm that is used to learn how to classify objects. It is similar to a neuron in the brain.	perceptron	What analogy is used to explain perceptron (machine learning)?
The analogy of a machine learning algorithm as a human is often used. Just as humans learn from experience, machine learning algorithms improve with experience.	performance	What analogy is used to explain performance (machine learning)?
A perplexity analogy for machine learning is a person who is trying to learn a new language. The person is confused about the words and their meanings. They are also confused about how to use the words in a sentence.	perplexity	What analogy is used to explain perplexity (machine learning)?
A pipeline is a machine learning model that is composed of a series of processing steps, or modules. The modules are connected in a sequence, and the data flows through the pipeline from one module to the next.	pipeline	What analogy is used to explain pipeline (machine learning)?
A pipeline analogy is often used to explain machine learning, specifically the concept of pipelining. In a machine learning pipeline, data flows through a series of stages, with each stage performing a specific task. The output of one stage is the input for the next stage. This analogy can be helpful in understanding how different machine learning algorithms work and how they can be combined to create a more powerful system.	pipelining	What analogy is used to explain pipelining (machine learning)?
A policy is like a set of rules that a machine learning algorithm can use to make decisions.	policy	What analogy is used to explain policy (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for pooling is that it is like a group of people each with their own bucket, filling up a larger bucket until it is full. The people are the neurons in the network, and the buckets are the activations.	pooling	What analogy is used to explain pooling (machine learning)?
A positive class is a target class in a machine learning problem. The positive class is the class that the machine learning algorithm is trying to learn to predict.	positive class	What analogy is used to explain positive class (machine learning)?
The analogy of post-processing is that it is like a human brain. The machine learning algorithm is like the human brain, and the data is like the input that the human brain receives. The post-processing step is like the human brain's ability to learn and improve over time.	post-processing	What analogy is used to explain post-processing (machine learning)?
The area under the pr curve is similar to the area under a curve of a graph of a function. Just as with a regular curve, the area under the pr curve can be used to find the total value of something that increases or decreases over time.	pr auc (area under the pr curve)	What analogy is used to explain pr auc (area under the pr curve) (machine learning)?
A precision-recall curve is a graphical representation of the tradeoff between precision and recall in a machine learning system.	precision-recall curve	What analogy is used to explain precision-recall curve (machine learning)?
The analogy of prediction is learning to predict the weather. Just as people can learn to predict the weather by observing patterns, machines can learn to predict outcomes by observing patterns in data.	prediction	What analogy is used to explain prediction (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain prediction bias (machine learning) is that it is like a person’s beliefs affecting how they see the world. For example, if someone believes that all people are bad, they are likely to see the world as a negative place. This will then affect how they make decisions and predictions about the world.	prediction bias	What analogy is used to explain prediction bias (machine learning)?
The analogy of predictive parity is that it is similar to a person’s ability to learn. The more a person is exposed to new information, the better they become at predicting outcomes. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm becomes better at predicting outcomes the more data it is exposed to.	predictive parity	What analogy is used to explain predictive parity (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a vending machine. If you put in a dollar, you expect to get a candy bar in return. You may not always get a candy bar, but you will get something in return most of the time. The same is true with predictive rate parity. You may not always get the prediction you are looking for, but you will most likely get a prediction that is close to what you are looking for.	predictive rate parity	What analogy is used to explain predictive rate parity (machine learning)?
Preprocessing is like cleaning a dirty dish. The dish is not clean when it is first taken out of the dishwasher, but it is clean after it is washed and dried.	preprocessing	What analogy is used to explain preprocessing (machine learning)?
A pre-trained model is like a bicycle. It can be used to get from point A to point B, but it can also be used for other purposes.	pre-trained model	What analogy is used to explain pre-trained model (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a Prior Belief machine. It takes in data and a set of assumptions (the prior beliefs), and outputs a prediction. The prediction is based on the data, but it is also influenced by the prior beliefs.	prior belief	What analogy is used to explain prior belief (machine learning)?
A probabilistic regression model is like a weighted average. The weights are determined by the model's parameters, which are learned from the data.	probabilistic regression model	What analogy is used to explain probabilistic regression model (machine learning)?
Proxy (sensitive attributes) is like a person's fingerprints. They are unique to each individual and can be used to identify someone. Similarly, proxy (sensitive attributes) can be used to identify someone in a machine learning context.	proxy (sensitive attributes)	What analogy is used to explain proxy (sensitive attributes) (machine learning)?
Proxy labels are used in machine learning to stand in for the true values of the target variable. For example, if you are trying to predict whether someone will buy a product, you might use proxy labels such as "likely" and "unlikely" to stand in for the true values of whether or not someone will buy the product.	proxy labels	What analogy is used to explain proxy labels (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. We put in some data, and the algorithm produces a prediction. We can’t see what’s going on inside the black box, but we can measure how well the algorithm performs on new data.	q-function	What analogy is used to explain q-function (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm that uses a form of the delta rule, called q-learning, to learn how to control a robot arm.	q-learning	What analogy is used to explain q-learning (machine learning)?
A random forest is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the outcome of a categorical variable. It is made up of a number of decision trees that are randomly generated.	random forest	What analogy is used to explain random forest (machine learning)?
A decision tree is like a flowchart. It starts with a question, and then provides a series of possible answers. Each answer leads to a new question, until you reach a final decision.	random policy	What analogy is used to explain random policy (machine learning)?
Rater is used to explain machine learning as a way to make a computer system smarter over time. Just as people learn and get better over time by being exposed to new information, so too does a computer system. The more data that is fed into a computer system, the more it can learn and improve its ability to make predictions or decisions.	rater	What analogy is used to explain rater (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. You put data in one end, and a prediction comes out the other. The prediction might be a probability that a particular customer will buy a product, or a score that indicates how likely it is that a particular email is spam.	recommendation system	What analogy is used to explain recommendation system (machine learning)?
A rectified linear unit (ReLU) is a type of activation function used in artificial neural networks. It is a simple function that takes an input x and outputs the value x if x is positive, and 0 if x is negative.	rectified linear unit (relu)	What analogy is used to explain rectified linear unit (relu) (machine learning)?
A recurrent neural network is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to a feedforward neural network, but with one or more connections that loop back to earlier layers in the network. This allows the network to learn and remember information over time.	recurrent neural network	What analogy is used to explain recurrent neural network (machine learning)?
A regression model is like a bicycle. It can be ridden without training, but it is much more useful if you learn how to ride it properly.	regression model	What analogy is used to explain regression model (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a person trying to learn a new language. The more time the person spends practicing, the better they will become at speaking the language. The same is true for machine learning algorithms - the more data they are exposed to, the better they will become at recognizing patterns.	regularization rate	What analogy is used to explain regularization rate (machine learning)?
Reinforcement learning is like a baby learning how to walk. The baby keeps trying to walk, and when it succeeds, it gets a reward (like a smile from mom or dad).	reinforcement learning (rl)	What analogy is used to explain reinforcement learning (rl) (machine learning)?
A replay buffer is a machine learning technique that is used to improve the performance of a neural network. The technique works by taking a copy of the network's input data and saving it to memory. The network is then allowed to "learn" from the data in the buffer. After the network has been trained, the input data is then compared to the data in the buffer. If there is a difference, the network is adjusted to account for the difference.	replay buffer	What analogy is used to explain replay buffer (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who is trying to learn how to predict something by looking at examples. The more examples the person looks at, the better they will be at predicting things. But if they only look at examples that are easy for them to understand, they will not be very good at predicting things that are difficult for them to understand. So, if the person only looks at examples that are easy for them to find, they will be biased in their predictions.	reporting bias	What analogy is used to explain reporting bias (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function, which takes in an input (a set of training data) and outputs a prediction. The prediction is a result of the algorithm’s attempt to learn the underlying pattern in the data.	representation	What analogy is used to explain representation (machine learning)?
A common analogy for machine learning is that it is like a child learning to speak. A child does not learn all the words at once, but instead learns them over time as they are needed. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm does not learn all the features of a data set at once, but instead learns them over time as they are needed.	re-ranking	What analogy is used to explain re-ranking (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a student in school. The more data the student has to study, the better they will do on tests. The more data the machine learning algorithm has to study, the better it will do at predicting outcomes.	return	What analogy is used to explain return (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a slot machine. You put in some input, like a coin, and you get some output, like a prize. The machine learning algorithm is trying to find the best input/output pairs so it can give you the best prizes.	reward	What analogy is used to explain reward (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for ridge regularization is that it is like adding weights to the edges of a net, in order to make it more rigid. This makes it less likely for the net to deform under pressure, and therefore more likely to retain its shape. In the context of machine learning, ridge regularization helps to prevent overfitting of the data.	ridge regularization	What analogy is used to explain ridge regularization (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. You put in some data, and the machine learning algorithm will learn from that data and produce a prediction.	rnn	What analogy is used to explain rnn (machine learning)?
The rmse is the average of the squared differences between the actual values and the predicted values.	root mean squared error (rmse)	What analogy is used to explain root mean squared error (rmse) (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a rotational invariant function. Just as a rotational invariant function remains the same no matter how you rotate its input image, a machine learning algorithm will produce the same results no matter how you change its training data.	rotational invariance	What analogy is used to explain rotational invariance (machine learning)?
A biased coin will come up heads more often than tails. A biased sample is one that is not representative of the population. For example, if you ask people on the street whether they like ice cream, you are likely to get a biased sample.	sampling bias	What analogy is used to explain sampling bias (machine learning)?
A scalar is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict a single value, such as the probability that a customer will churn.	scalar	What analogy is used to explain scalar (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in an input (a set of data points) and outputs a prediction. The size of the input data set affects the accuracy of the prediction. As the size of the data set increases, the machine learning algorithm becomes more accurate.	scaling	What analogy is used to explain scaling (machine learning)?
Scikit-learn is like a bicycle. It can be used to get around on your own, but it is also possible to use it to help someone else get around.	scikit-learn	What analogy is used to explain scikit-learn (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who has never seen a cat before. The first time the person sees a cat, they will not know how to score it. However, if the person sees a cat multiple times, they will start to score it based on how it behaves.	scoring	What analogy is used to explain scoring (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who is trying to learn how to play tennis by only watching matches on TV. The person will only learn the best techniques and strategies used by the best players. The person will not learn how to play tennis by watching matches between beginners.	selection bias	What analogy is used to explain selection bias (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain self-attention is that it is similar to the way humans focus on their own thoughts and experiences.	self-attention (also called self-attention layer)	What analogy is used to explain self-attention (also called self-attention layer) (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain self-supervised learning is that it is like a baby learning how to walk. The baby is constantly trying new things, falling down, and getting back up. Over time, the baby learns how to walk without needing someone to constantly help them.	self-supervised learning	What analogy is used to explain self-supervised learning (machine learning)?
The analogy of self-training is that of a person who is constantly learning and growing. Just as a person needs to be constantly learning and growing in order to be successful, a machine learning algorithm needs to be constantly learning in order to be successful.	self-training	What analogy is used to explain self-training (machine learning)?
A common analogy for semi-supervised learning is that it is like a child learning to read. The child is given a lot of books to read, but also some pictures to look at. The child will learn to read by looking at the pictures and then trying to read the words in the pictures. In the same way, semi-supervised learning algorithms can learn from a lot of data (the books) and also from a small amount of data that is labeled (the pictures).	semi-supervised learning	What analogy is used to explain semi-supervised learning (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. You put in some data, and the algorithm produces a prediction. You can’t see what’s going on inside the black box, but you can trust that it’s doing its job correctly. The analogy of a black box is often used when explaining how a machine learning algorithm works.	sensitive attribute	What analogy is used to explain sensitive attribute (machine learning)?
Sentiment analysis is similar to facial recognition. It is a machine learning technique that is used to determine the mood of a text.	sentiment analysis	What analogy is used to explain sentiment analysis (machine learning)?
Sequence model is similar to learning a new language. The more you are exposed to the language, the better you will become at understanding and speaking it. With sequence model, the more data you are exposed to, the better you will become at understanding and predicting the sequence.	sequence model	What analogy is used to explain sequence model (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a teacher. The teacher sees a student do a task a few times, and then provides feedback on how the student did. Over time, the teacher provides more and more feedback, until the student can do the task perfectly. A machine learning algorithm works in a similar way. The algorithm sees a set of training data, and then provides feedback on how well the data was classified. Over time, the algorithm provides more and more feedback, until the data is classified perfectly.	sequence-to-sequence task	What analogy is used to explain sequence-to-sequence task (machine learning)?
Serving is like a waiter in a restaurant. The waiter takes the order from the customer and brings the food to the table.	serving	What analogy is used to explain serving (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for shape (tensor) is that it is like a container that can be filled with different types of objects. The shape of the container can change, but the objects inside it remain the same.	shape (tensor)	What analogy is used to explain shape (tensor) (machine learning)?
A sigmoid function is a mathematical function that is used in machine learning. It is often used to model the probability of an event occurring. It is a type of logistic function and it looks like a "S" shape.	sigmoid function	What analogy is used to explain sigmoid function (machine learning)?
A similarity measure is a mathematical function that takes two objects as input and produces a number as output. The number is usually interpreted as a measure of how similar the two objects are.	similarity measure	What analogy is used to explain similarity measure (machine learning)?
The analogy of a machine learning algorithm being like a microscope is used to explain size invariance. Just as a microscope can be used to magnify an image regardless of the size of the object, a machine learning algorithm can be used to magnify the performance of a computer system regardless of its size.	size invariance	What analogy is used to explain size invariance (machine learning)?
Sketching is machine learning is like teaching a child to read. At first, the child is taught the alphabet and how to put the letters together to form words. After the child has learned how to read, they are given books to read. The child will continue to read books and learn new words. The more the child reads, the better they will become at reading.	sketching	What analogy is used to explain sketching (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for softmax is that it is like a teacher grading students' tests. The teacher wants to give each student a score between 0 and 100, but also wants to make sure that the total score for all students is 100. So the teacher might give a student a score of 95, even if the student only answered 5 questions correctly.	softmax	What analogy is used to explain softmax (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who is trying to learn about a new topic. If the person only hears a few pieces of information about the topic, they will not be able to learn much. However, if the person hears a lot of information about the topic, they will be able to learn a lot.	sparse feature	What analogy is used to explain sparse feature (machine learning)?
Sparse representation is often explained using the analogy of a dictionary. A dictionary has a lot of words, but only a few definitions. Similarly, a machine learning algorithm has a lot of features, but only a few examples of each.	sparse representation	What analogy is used to explain sparse representation (machine learning)?
A sparse vector is a data structure that is similar to a vector, but only stores the nonzero elements of the vector. This can be useful when working with large datasets, as it can reduce the amount of memory required to store the data.	sparse vector	What analogy is used to explain sparse vector (machine learning)?
A good analogy for sparsity is the way in which a city is built up with buildings. A city is filled with buildings, but there are large areas where there are no buildings. These areas are called "sparsity" zones. The same is true for machine learning. There are areas where there are few or no data points. These areas are called "sparsity" zones.	sparsity	What analogy is used to explain sparsity (machine learning)?
Spatial pooling is a technique used in machine learning, where a set of input values is reduced to a single representative value. This is done by combining or averaging the input values together.	spatial pooling	What analogy is used to explain spatial pooling (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a door. If a door is opened and then closed, the hinges will experience wear and tear. If the door is opened and then left open, the hinges will experience less wear and tear. In the context of machine learning, if a machine is presented with a new problem (the door is opened), and it is able to successfully solve the problem (the door is closed), the machine learning algorithm will have experienced less wear and tear (less squared hinge loss).	squared hinge loss	What analogy is used to explain squared hinge loss (machine learning)?
A machine learning analogy for squared loss is the game of chess. In chess, the goal is to capture the opponent's king. The player with the most pieces remaining on the board at the end of the game is the winner. In this analogy, the king is the equivalent of the target variable (in this case, the number of pieces remaining on the board), and the pieces are the equivalent of the features (in this case, the number of squares on the board).	squared loss	What analogy is used to explain squared loss (machine learning)?
The analogy of staged training is that it is like a baby learning to walk. The baby starts by crawling, and then slowly starts to walk. The baby falls down a lot, but eventually learns to walk. The same is true for staged training. The machine starts by learning a small task, and then slowly learns more complex tasks. The machine falls down a lot, but eventually learns how to do complex tasks.	staged training	What analogy is used to explain staged training (machine learning)?
A state machine is a finite-state machine (FSM) that can be in one of a finite number of states. A state machine can be used to model the behavior of a system.	state	What analogy is used to explain state (machine learning)?
A state-action value function can be thought of as a machine learning algorithm that takes in input data (the state of the world) and outputs a value (the action to take).	state-action value function	What analogy is used to explain state-action value function (machine learning)?
A static model is like a machine learning model that is frozen in time. It can be used to make predictions, but it can't be updated or changed.	static model	What analogy is used to explain static model (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a stationery bike. The more you use it, the better it becomes at predicting the future.	stationarity	What analogy is used to explain stationarity (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain step (machine learning) is that it is like a child learning how to speak. The child is not born knowing how to speak, but instead learns over time by listening to others and practicing. The same is true for machine learning; the machine is not born knowing how to perform a task, but instead learns over time by observing data and practicing.	step	What analogy is used to explain step (machine learning)?
The analogy of step size is that it is the distance between consecutive steps that a machine learning algorithm takes while learning from data.	step size	What analogy is used to explain step size (machine learning)?
Sgd is like a person walking down a hill. They take a step forward, then they look at the ground in front of them and see how steep the hill is. Based on how steep the hill is, they decide whether to take another step forward or not.	stochastic gradient descent (sgd)	What analogy is used to explain stochastic gradient descent (sgd) (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a person’s stride. Just as a person’s stride length changes depending on their speed, a machine learning algorithm’s ability to learn and generalize changes depending on the size and complexity of the data set.	stride	What analogy is used to explain stride (machine learning)?
Structural risk minimization is similar to the game of chess. In chess, players are trying to minimize their risk of losing by making moves that protect their king. In the same way, machine learning algorithms are trying to minimize their risk of making a mistake by making moves that protect their data.	structural risk minimization (srm)	What analogy is used to explain structural risk minimization (srm) (machine learning)?
A subsample is a small, random sample of a population. It is used in statistics and machine learning to estimate the characteristics of the whole population.	subsampling	What analogy is used to explain subsampling (machine learning)?
Supervised machine learning is similar to how humans learn. A person is given examples of what they are supposed to learn (supervised), and then they are tested on their knowledge. If they do well, they are given more examples. If they do not do well, they are given more help.	supervised machine learning	What analogy is used to explain supervised machine learning (machine learning)?
A synthetic feature is a machine learning technique that is used to improve the accuracy of predictions by incorporating information that is not explicitly included in the training data. This information can be derived from the data itself (e.g. using feature engineering) or from other sources (e.g. using external data).	synthetic feature	What analogy is used to explain synthetic feature (machine learning)?
A tabular q-learning algorithm can be thought of as a machine learning algorithm that is able to learn how to predict the outcomes of future events by studying past events. The algorithm is able to do this by learning how to associate certain outcomes with certain input values.	tabular q-learning	What analogy is used to explain tabular q-learning (machine learning)?
Target is like a person who is learning a new language. The more they hear and use the new language, the better they will become at speaking it.	target	What analogy is used to explain target (machine learning)?
Target network is like a group of people who are trying to learn how to hit a target. The more they practice, the better they get at it.	target network	What analogy is used to explain target network (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a recipe. The termination condition is like the cook checking to see if the food is done.	termination condition	What analogy is used to explain termination condition (machine learning)?
A time series is a sequence of data points in time. Time series analysis is the process of analyzing this sequence in order to identify patterns and trends. This can be used to predict future events or to understand past events.	time series analysis	What analogy is used to explain time series analysis (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box that takes in an input (a set of data) and produces an output (a prediction or classification). The algorithm is run over a series of “training” data, and the output is compared to the actual output of the data. The algorithm is then tweaked (or “tuned”) until the output of the algorithm is as close as possible to the actual output of the data.	timestep	What analogy is used to explain timestep (machine learning)?
A token is a small metal disk with a hole in the middle that is used to operate a turnstile or other machine. In the same way, a token in machine learning is a small piece of data that is used to operate a machine learning algorithm.	token	What analogy is used to explain token (machine learning)?
The analogy of training is that it is like teaching a machine how to do a task. You need to provide the machine with examples of what you want it to do, and then it will learn how to do the task.	training	What analogy is used to explain training (machine learning)?
A machine learning trajectory is like a path a ball takes when you throw it. The path is determined by the starting point (the throw), the direction (the angle you throw it), and the force (the power behind the throw).	trajectory	What analogy is used to explain trajectory (machine learning)?
A transformer is a machine learning model that is used to learn the relationship between two sets of data. It is similar to a transformer toy that can be used to change the shape of a plastic toy by applying heat. In the same way, the transformer model can change the shape of the data by applying heat (or in this case, by applying a learning algorithm).	transformer	What analogy is used to explain transformer (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm is like a slide projector. The input is a slide with a picture of a cat on it. The algorithm projects the image of the cat onto a screen. The position of the projector is irrelevant; the image of the cat will be projected in the same place on the screen no matter where the projector is located.	translational invariance	What analogy is used to explain translational invariance (machine learning)?
A trigram is a machine learning model that is composed of three layers of neurons. The first layer is the input layer, the second layer is the hidden layer, and the third layer is the output layer. The input layer receives the input data, the hidden layer processes the input data, and the output layer produces the output data.	trigram	What analogy is used to explain trigram (machine learning)?
A true negative (tn) is like a person who is not infected with a virus.	true negative (tn)	What analogy is used to explain true negative (tn) (machine learning)?
A true positive is when a machine learning algorithm correctly identifies a positive example.	true positive (tp)	What analogy is used to explain true positive (tp) (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a medical test. The true positive rate is the percentage of positive tests that are actually cancerous.	true positive rate (tpr)	What analogy is used to explain true positive rate (tpr) (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a black box. The user provides the algorithm with a set of training data, and the algorithm produces a model that can be used to make predictions about new data. The user has no idea what the algorithm is doing inside the black box, and the algorithm is not affected by the user’s input.	unawareness (to a sensitive attribute)	What analogy is used to explain unawareness (to a sensitive attribute) (machine learning)?
Undersampling is a technique used in machine learning for reducing the number of training samples while preserving the statistical properties of the data. It is a form of data compression.	undersampling	What analogy is used to explain undersampling (machine learning)?
A unidirectional machine learning algorithm is like a train. The algorithm starts with a set of data (the tracks) and a set of instructions (the engine). The algorithm then processes the data according to the instructions, learning as it goes. The output of the algorithm is then used to improve the accuracy of the instructions, making the algorithm smarter the next time it is run.	unidirectional	What analogy is used to explain unidirectional (machine learning)?
A unidirectional language model is a machine learning model that is trained on a corpus of text data, and can be used to predict the next word in a text sequence, given the previous words.	unidirectional language model	What analogy is used to explain unidirectional language model (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain unlabeled example is that it is like a person who is learning a new language. The person is not given any labels for the words, but is given examples of how the words are used. The person then tries to figure out the meanings of the words by looking at how they are used in the examples.	unlabeled example	What analogy is used to explain unlabeled example (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain unsupervised machine learning is that it is like a child learning to recognize objects in the world. The child is not given any specific instructions on what to look for, but instead is allowed to explore the world and learn from its own experiences. The child will gradually learn to recognize different objects and will be able to identify them even when they are not specifically pointed out. In the same way, unsupervised machine learning algorithms will gradually learn to recognize different patterns in the data and will be able to identify them even when they are not specifically pointed out.	unsupervised machine learning	What analogy is used to explain unsupervised machine learning (machine learning)?
Upweighting is a machine learning technique that is used to improve the accuracy of a model. Upweighting is similar to boosting, which is a technique that is used to improve the accuracy of a model by iteratively training a model on a dataset that has been augmented with a selected number of positive examples.	upweighting	What analogy is used to explain upweighting (machine learning)?
A user matrix is a data structure used in machine learning. It is a two-dimensional array, where each row corresponds to a training example and each column corresponds to a feature.	user matrix	What analogy is used to explain user matrix (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function, which takes a set of training data as input, and produces a prediction as output. The prediction is a result of the algorithm trying to learn the underlying pattern in the data. The validation process is used to measure how well the algorithm is doing, by comparing the predictions made by the algorithm on the training data, with the actual values in the training data.	validation	What analogy is used to explain validation (machine learning)?
The vanishing gradient problem is a machine learning problem that occurs when the gradient of the error function becomes very small as the learning algorithm progresses. This can cause the algorithm to "lose track" of the direction it needs to move in order to reduce the error.	vanishing gradient problem	What analogy is used to explain vanishing gradient problem (machine learning)?
The analogy is that of a teacher and her students. The teacher is trying to help her students learn, but she can only do so much. The students also need to be willing to learn and put in the effort. The teacher can help the students learn, but the students also need to do their part.	wasserstein loss	What analogy is used to explain wasserstein loss (machine learning)?
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a weight that is added to the end of a neural network. The more weight that is added, the more the network is able to learn and generalize from data.	weight	What analogy is used to explain weight (machine learning)?
WALS is a machine learning algorithm that is used to improve the accuracy of predictions made by a model. It does this by adjusting the weights of the model's inputs so that the predictions are more accurate.	weighted alternating least squares (wals)	What analogy is used to explain weighted alternating least squares (wals) (machine learning)?
A wide model is like a big net that catches a lot of fish. It is not as precise as a narrow model, but it is more general.	wide model	What analogy is used to explain wide model (machine learning)?
Width is the number of unique items a machine learning algorithm can learn.	width	What analogy is used to explain width (machine learning)?
The analogy used to explain word embedding is that it is similar to learning a foreign language. When you learn a foreign language, you are not just learning new words, but you are also learning how to connect those words to other words in order to create phrases and sentences. Word embedding works in a similar way. It takes a group of words and connects them together so that they can be understood as a unit.	word embedding	What analogy is used to explain word embedding (machine learning)?
