Accuracy is the measure of how often a machine learning model correctly predicts an outcome. Imagine you are playing darts in a bar. Accuracy would be the proportion of times you hit the target (the bullseye). In machine learning, accuracy is usually measured by how many times a model predicts an outcome correctly divided by the total number of predictions made.	accuracy	Explain accuracy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Accuracy is like a car's fuel efficiency. It measures how much of the energy put into the system is used to achieve the desired outcome. In machine learning, accuracy is a measure of how well our model predicts outcomes based on training data.	accuracy	Explain accuracy (machine learning) using an analogy.
In a classroom, if someone says that they got an "A" on their test, we would say that this person is accurate. In the context of machine learning, if a model trained on data predicts outcomes with high accuracy, we say that the machine learning algorithm is accurate.	accuracy	Explain accuracy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Accuracy in machine learning is a little bit like hitting a target with a bow and arrow. The more accurate your aim, the closer your arrows will hit to the target. Accuracy in machine learning is also about getting rid of as much error as possible from your data. This means that you want to make sure that the predictions your machine learning algorithm makes are as close as possible to reality.	accuracy	Explain accuracy (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you have a perfect machine learning algorithm, it will always give the correct answer. If your machine learning algorithm is not perfect, then it may occasionally give the wrong answer. This is why we need to test different algorithms and see which one performs best on our data set.	accuracy	Explain accuracy (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for an algorithm is the process of baking a cake. The recipe is the algorithm, and the ingredients are the data. The baker follows the instructions in the recipe to make a cake. In machine learning, algorithms are used to learn from data.	algorithm	Explain algorithm (machine learning) using an analogy.
Suppose you have a bunch of kids who are learning to play soccer. You put a ball in the middle of them and tell them to start kicking it around. Some kids will be better at it than others, and they'll start scoring goals. You could then take the best players and teach them some more tricks, like how to head the ball or fake out defenders. The next time you put the ball in the middle of them, they'll be even better at scoring goals.That's what an algorithm does in machine learning: it takes data (the kids kicking the ball around), learns from it (figuring out who is good at scoring goals), and gets better over time (by teaching the best players new tricks).	algorithm	Explain algorithm (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy of an algorithm is a recipe for cooking. The recipe tells you what ingredients to put in, how much of each ingredient, and the order to add the ingredients. An algorithm works in a similar way. It tells the computer what steps to take to solve a problem.	algorithm	Explain algorithm (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy is that the algorithm is like a map. It takes you from where you are to your destination.	algorithm	Explain algorithm (machine learning) using an analogy.
It is like teaching a child to read. You start with teaching the child the alphabet, then how to put those letters together to form words, and finally how to read those words. With each step, the child becomes progressively better at reading.	algorithm	Explain algorithm (machine learning) using an analogy.
Attribute is like a property of something. For example, the color of an object can be seen as an attribute.	attribute	Explain attribute (machine learning) using an analogy.
Attribute is like a set of data points that are collected and organized in order to help with the prediction or classification of future events.	attribute	Explain attribute (machine learning) using an analogy.
Attribute is similar to a column in a spreadsheet. It's a property of an object that we can measure or observe.	attribute	Explain attribute (machine learning) using an analogy.
Assume you are a farmer. You want to grow the biggest, healthiest vegetables possible. To do this, you need to provide your plants with the right amount of water, sun, and nutrients. The right amount of each depends on numerous factors like climate, soil type, etc. You could try to figure out the perfect amounts by doing trial and error for every combination of variables, but that would be very time consuming (and probably not worth it). Alternatively, you could install a rain gauge, thermometer, and soil analyzer in your garden to automatically collect data about those conditions. Then you could use machine learning algorithms to analyze that data and find correlations between different factors and plant size/health. Based on those findings, you could then create a system that automatically adjusts watering/sun exposure/nutrient levels based on real-time readings from your garden.	attribute	Explain attribute (machine learning) using an analogy.
Attribute is a like a feature of something. For example, when you are looking for a new house to buy, one of the things you might consider is the number of bedrooms. The number of bedrooms is an attribute of the house.	attribute	Explain attribute (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bias metric is a way of measuring how much the output of a machine learning algorithm depends on the input features. The higher the bias, the less reliable the predictions made by the machine learning algorithm will be. This can be thought of as analogous to how biased humans are in their judgments.	bias metric	Explain bias metric (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a judge on a reality show. You have to decide which contestant should be kicked off the show each week. Let's say there are two contestants left, and one is your favorite while the other is not so much. The contestant that you like will obviously stay in the competition longer than the one you don't like, even if they perform worse overall. This would be an example of bias: favoring someone based on personal preferences instead of their actual performance.In machine learning, bias is basically when a model or algorithm favors some outcomes over others, regardless of how well those outcomes were actually predicted by the model. For example, imagine you're building a spam detection system. If it has high bias, that means it will incorrectly flag legitimate emails as spam more often than not. Conversely, if it has low bias, then it will accurately identify spam and non-spam emails most of the time.	bias metric	Explain bias metric (machine learning) using an analogy.
The bias metric is a measure of how close the predicted values are to the actual values. It is similar to a distance metric, but instead of measuring the distance between two points, it measures the difference between the predictions and the actual values.	bias metric	Explain bias metric (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of your favorite sports team, you might be biased towards them. This means that you will likely give them a higher score than someone who doesn't like that team. In the context of machine learning, bias is when a model gives too high or too low of a weight to certain factors depending on its training data.	bias metric	Explain bias metric (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bias is a bit like your favourite football team. Your bias for that team might make you think they are better than they actually are, and this could lead to bad decision making. For example, if you only ever watched your team play and never looked at any other teams’ match data, you would be biased against all other teams – thinking that your team is always the best. This would clearly not be a good basis for making decisions about which football team to support!	bias metric	Explain bias metric (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bias is the inclination of a person or thing to lean one way or another. It can refer to personal prejudice, political partisanship, etc. In statistics and machine learning, bias is often considered in terms of the accuracy of models. A biased model will produce inaccurate predictions more often than an unbiased model. This can be due to systematic errors in data collection or processing, or simply because the model has been tuned to fit past data better than future data.	bias term	Explain bias term (machine learning) using an analogy.
A biased coin is one where the probability of landing on heads is not always 50%. This could be because the coin has been weighted, or it could simply be that the person flipping the coin has a preference for heads. In machine learning, bias refers to any factors that distort the accuracy of our predictions. For example, if we are using a model to predict whether someone will default on their loan, and we inadvertently include some information that is correlated with race (e.g. zip code), then our model will be biased towards predicting defaults for people of certain races.	bias term	Explain bias term (machine learning) using an analogy.
A biased coin has a higher chance of landing on heads than tails. This is because the coin is weighted in favor of heads. In machine learning, bias refers to the difference between a model’s predictions and the true values.	bias term	Explain bias term (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bias is like when you are learning to drive a car. You might have a bias towards left-handed driving or right-handed driving.	bias term	Explain bias term (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bias is like a crooked referee who always seems to favor one team over the other. In machine learning, bias refers to the tendency of a model to consistently produce inaccurate predictions for some members of a given population.	bias term	Explain bias term (machine learning) using an analogy.
Categorical variables in machine learning are analogous to the different types of animals at a zoo. Just as there are many different types of animals at a zoo, there are many different types of categorical variables in machine learning.	categorical variables	Explain categorical variables (machine learning) using an analogy.
Categorical variables are like different flavors of ice cream. There are many different types, but they all fall into the same category.	categorical variables	Explain categorical variables (machine learning) using an analogy.
Categorical variables are like folders on a computer. They store information in a way that makes it easy to find and remember.	categorical variables	Explain categorical variables (machine learning) using an analogy.
Categorical variables are a bit like different types of fruit. You might have apples, oranges, and bananas as your fruits, but there are many others types of fruit out there that you could also choose from. In the same way, categorical variables are different types of data that you can use for machine learning models.	categorical variables	Explain categorical variables (machine learning) using an analogy.
A categorical variable is like a car. It can be categorized into different types, including sedans, SUVs, and hatchbacks.	categorical variables	Explain categorical variables (machine learning) using an analogy.
Classification is like when you put your clothes in the laundry. The machine learning algorithm tries to figure out what class (e.g., shirt, pants, socks) each item of clothing belongs to.	classification	Explain classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Classification is like a human using their brain to group things together. The human sees an object and based on their past experiences, they are able to place that object in a certain category. Classification (machine learning) works in a similar way. The computer is given data and it groups them together based on similarities.	classification	Explain classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Classification is like grouping things together. For example, you might put all of your school supplies in a box. The box would be the "classifier." It would group together everything that belongs to school.	classification	Explain classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Classification is like a filter that you can use to separate an email into spam and not spam folders. The filter is trained on a set of emails that have been manually labeled as spam or not spam. After the filter has been trained, it can be used to automatically classify new emails as either spam or not spam.	classification	Explain classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Classification is like a group of friends. The first friend is tall, the next is short, the next is in between, and so on.	classification	Explain classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Classification threshold is like the speed limit on a road. Just as you cannot drive faster than the speed limit, you cannot classify a data point as belonging to a class if its feature value is above the classification threshold.	classification threshold	Explain classification threshold (machine learning) using an analogy.
Classification threshold can be thought of as the height at which a fence is built. The fence determines what is considered to be part of one group (on one side of the fence) and what is considered to be part of another group (on the other side of the fence).	classification threshold	Explain classification threshold (machine learning) using an analogy.
Classifying something using a machine learning algorithm is a bit like trying to figure out what type of animal a particular blob of fur might be. You might have a threshold, or cutoff point, that you use to determine whether an animal is likely to be a dog, cat, rabbit, or some other type of creature. If the fur sample has more characteristics that are associated with dogs than any other category (based on your data), then you might classify it as being a dog.	classification threshold	Explain classification threshold (machine learning) using an analogy.
Classification threshold is the point at which a machine learning algorithm decides whether or not to classify an input as belonging to a specific class. In other words, it's the cutoff point that determines how well a machine can distinguish between two classes of objects. Algorithms typically use classification thresholds in order to determine when they've correctly learned how to distinguish between different categories of data.	classification threshold	Explain classification threshold (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you’re at a restaurant, the waitstaff might ask how many people are in your party. Once they know that, they can decide what size table to seat you at. If there’s only one person, they might seat you at a two-person table. If there are six people, they might seat you at a six-person table. The classification threshold is like the number of people in your party - it’s the point where the waitstaff decides to switch from one type of table to another. In machine learning, the classification threshold is also called the “cutoff point” or “decision boundary.	classification threshold	Explain classification threshold (machine learning) using an analogy.
Clustering is a technique used in machine learning to find patterns in data. It works by dividing the data into groups (clusters) so that the items within each group are similar to each other. This makes it easier to find patterns and understand what the data is telling you.	clustering	Explain clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
 imagine you are at a party with a lot of people. you can group them by looking at who they are talking to. the people who are talking to each other are in the same group.	clustering	Explain clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
The clustering algorithm is like a group of friends who have never met before. They are each in a different part of the room, and they are all talking to people that they don't know. The algorithm is trying to find other people in the room that it can talk to. It starts by finding everyone who is talking to someone new. Then it groups those people together, and finds other people who are talking to those people.	clustering	Explain clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Clustering is like finding groups of similar things. You can think of it as a way to organize things. For example, you might group together all the red items in your house, or group together all the books on your shelf.	clustering	Explain clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Clustering is like sorting a pile of clothes into different piles, based on similarities in color or style. The machine learning algorithm looks at all of the data and finds groups (clusters) of similar items. It then assigns each item to the most appropriate cluster.	clustering	Explain clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
A confusion matrix is a table that is used to visualize the performance of a machine learning algorithm. The table has two dimensions: actual and predicted. The first column lists all of the actual values, while the second column lists all of the predicted values. The third and fourth columns show how many times each value was correctly classified (labeled) as either "actual" or "predicted."	confusion matrix	Explain confusion matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
A confusion matrix is a table that summarizes how a machine learning algorithm performs on different categories of data. Imagine if you were tasked with sorting through a pile of rocks, toys, and clothes. You might organize the rocks by color, the toys by type, and the clothes by size. A confusion matrix would look something like this:In the first column, you would have "rock" and in the second column "not rock." The other columns would be similar—for example "toy" and "not toy," or "shirt" and "not shirt." Each cell in the table would then contain two numbers: How often did the machine think something was a rock when it was actually a toy? And how often did it think something was not a rock when it actually was one? This information can help you understand where your machine learning algorithm is making mistakes so that you can improve its accuracy.	confusion matrix	Explain confusion matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
A confusion matrix is a table that is used to help understand how well an algorithm is performing on a given task. It takes the form of a square, with each row and column representing a class or category. The table lists all the possible pairs of classes, and for each pair it records how many times the algorithm got them wrong. So, for example, if you were trying to distinguish between dogs and cats, the matrix would look like this:ClassificationDogsCatsTOTALCorrect Classification7525100Incorrect Classification15520	confusion matrix	Explain confusion matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
A confusion matrix is a table that is used to describe the performance of a machine learning algorithm. The table contains four columns and two rows. The first column is the label or target variable, and the remaining three columns are input variables. The first row describes how many times the algorithm classified instances with a particular label correctly, while the second row describes how many times it misclassified instances with that same label.	confusion matrix	Explain confusion matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
A confusion matrix is a table that is often used in machine learning to help understand how well a classification algorithm is performing. The table shows the actual classifications (the "truth") and the predicted classifications.	confusion matrix	Explain confusion matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
Continuous variables are like the temperature on a day. It can be measured at any time and it will always be a number between some lower and upper limit.	continuous variables	Explain continuous variables (machine learning) using an analogy.
Continuous variables are like the temperature on a day. It can be any number between 0 and 100 degrees, and it can change any time.	continuous variables	Explain continuous variables (machine learning) using an analogy.
Continuous variables are like a river. The water in the river keeps flowing and doesn't have any gaps in between. The flow of the water can be measured at different points along the river, and this measurement will be continuous.	continuous variables	Explain continuous variables (machine learning) using an analogy.
Continuous variables are like the temperature of a room. They can take on any value within a given range.	continuous variables	Explain continuous variables (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of a continuous variable as being like the volume on a stereo, it's easy to see how changing the number would result in different levels of sound. In the same way, increasing or decreasing the value of a continuous variable will cause your machine learning model to change its predictions.	continuous variables	Explain continuous variables (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convergence is the process of a machine learning algorithm finding an optimal solution to a problem. This analogy might help: convergence is like when you're lost in the city and you finally find your way to the correct address after turning down several wrong streets. You've reached a destination by following a path that's led you there. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm finds an optimal solution by iterating through possible solutions and evaluating how well each one works. The best solution is the one that leads to the most accurate predictions.	convergence	Explain convergence (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm works by gradually adjusting its parameters as it receives feedback on how well they are performing. Think of this process as a marathon runner who is trying to find the best running pace. At the beginning of the race, the runner doesn’t really know what speed is best and has to try different paces until she finds one that allows her to keep running steadily for the entire race. The more races she runs, the better she will get at finding the right pace. This is similar to how a machine learning algorithm adjusts its parameters – by getting feedback from data (the number of races in this analogy), it can learn which settings work best for solving a given task.	convergence	Explain convergence (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for convergence is the flow of water in a river. The more water that flows, the faster it converges to the same level. In machine learning, as more data is fed into the system, the algorithm becomes better at recognizing patterns and making predictions.	convergence	Explain convergence (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convergence is a process that happens during machine learning, where the different algorithms used by the system start to work together and produce better results. This can be compared to how people learn – by trying new things, making mistakes and then adjusting their behavior accordingly.	convergence	Explain convergence (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convergence can be thought of as the “happy ending” in a movie. The goal of machine learning is to find an accurate model that describes the data. This process involves many different iterations, or passes through the data set. As each pass improves the accuracy of the model, it gets closer and closer to convergence.	convergence	Explain convergence (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you want to learn how to ride a bike, you might watch someone else do it first. This is analogous to machine learning algorithms that deduce how patterns in data relate to certain outcomes by example.	deduction	Explain deduction (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, deduction is like a detective coming to a conclusion by analyzing evidence. The detective looks at the facts and figures and uses them to solve the crime. In the same way, deductive reasoning in machine learning involves using data to come up with conclusions.	deduction	Explain deduction (machine learning) using an analogy.
One possible analogy for deduction in machine learning is the process of elimination used when playing Jeopardy. In many cases, contestants can narrow down the answer to a particular question by eliminating one or more incorrect choices. This same principle can be applied during machine learning, where algorithms can try to identify which options are most likely incorrect and thereby reduce the number of possibilities that need to be considered.	deduction	Explain deduction (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of machine learning as being like a human, then deduction would be something like our brain’s ability to reason and come up with conclusions. Deduction is what allows us to take information we know and figure out things that we don’t know. For example, if I tell you that my house is blue and has two stories, you can use deduction to figure out that it probably has a roof and windows.	deduction	Explain deduction (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you have a group of friends and one of them always seems to know what is going on, they are probably good at deduction. Deduction is when someone uses their knowledge and experience to figure out something that isn't explicitly stated. In machine learning, deduction is used to make predictions about future events by using past data.	deduction	Explain deduction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep learning is a subfield of machine learning that uses neural networks to learn and model high-level abstractions in data. Neural networks are composed of many layers, each of which processes information in a different way. Deep learning algorithms can automatically learn how to represent data features at various levels of abstraction, making them more accurate and efficient than traditional machine learning algorithms.	deep learning	Explain deep learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep learning is like a computer reading multiple books at the same time to understand all of them.	deep learning	Explain deep learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep learning is like a human brain. The brain has many different layers of neurons, and each layer is responsible for processing specific information. Deep learning algorithms work in a similar way. They have multiple layers of processing, and each layer is responsible for extracting a specific piece of information from the data.	deep learning	Explain deep learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep learning is like how humans learn. We are constantly exposed to new information and then we try to make sense of it by connecting it with what we already know. Deep learning algorithms work in a similar way. They are exposed to training data (examples) and they try to learn the patterns that exist within it.	deep learning	Explain deep learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep learning is a machine learning technique that enables machines to learn from data representation and feature extraction instead of relying on manual programming. It can be thought of as a hierarchy of learning algorithms, where each level learns features from the one below it. This allows computers to learn complex patterns in data with minimal human input.	deep learning	Explain deep learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimension is much like a room in your house. It is a space where you can store things. In machine learning, dimension is used to describe the number of features that are being used to predict something.	dimension	Explain dimension (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimension is like length, width and height on a 2D plane. In machine learning, dimension is the number of input variables (features) used to predict an outcome.	dimension	Explain dimension (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of dimension is as the number of independent directions in which you can move. So, for example, a one-dimensional object would be something like a line segment, while a two-dimensional object would be something like a square. Similarly, in machine learning, higher dimensional data points would correspond to objects with more independent features (or dimensions), and so they would be harder to summarize or understand than lower dimensional data points.	dimension	Explain dimension (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimension is a way of organizing data so that it can be easily understood and used. It is like creating categories for things that we see or experience. When we have data organized in this way, it makes it much easier to find specific information and also to see patterns and relationships between different pieces of data.	dimension	Explain dimension (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way of thinking about dimensions is in terms of supermarket shelves. The shelf height is one dimension, the shelf width is another, and the depth (or thickness) of the shelf is a third dimension.	dimension	Explain dimension (machine learning) using an analogy.
Epoch is similar to a stage in an individual's life. Just as each person goes through different stages, machines also go through different epochs while learning. In the early epochs, the machine is more focused on learning the basics and making sure it understands what is being taught. In later epochs, the machine will focus on applying what has been learned in new situations.	epoch	Explain epoch (machine learning) using an analogy.
Epoch is like a chapter in a book. It's a way to group things together. In machine learning, an epoch is when you take all of the data that you're using and put it into one big set. You then use that data to train your model. After the model has been trained, you can start testing it on new data to see how well it performs.	epoch	Explain epoch (machine learning) using an analogy.
An epoch is a large batch of data that is used to train a machine learning model. The batches are usually divided into mini batches so that the model can be trained more quickly. Epochs can be thought of as being similar to chapters in a book.	epoch	Explain epoch (machine learning) using an analogy.
In computer science, an epoch (Greek: ἐποχή, "epochē", season) is a unit of time. It can be used in two different senses: as a synonym for iteration or as the length of time between one training cycle and the next. In either case it refers to the passage of time relative to some point in the past.	epoch	Explain epoch (machine learning) using an analogy.
The epoch is like a journey. At the beginning of the journey, you don't know where you're going or what lies ahead. As you travel, however, you gain knowledge and experience that helps guide your path forward. The end of the journey marks an endpoint - a point at which you've arrived at your destination and can reflect back on all that you've learned. In machine learning, an epoch is a single iteration through all of the training data.	epoch	Explain epoch (machine learning) using an analogy.
Extrapolation is the process of estimating or predicting a value outside the range of known values. It can be used in machine learning when there is not enough data to train a model on, in which case the model is "trained" on a small set of data and then used to predict values for other data points. This analogy might help: Imagine you're trying to learn how to ride a bike. You could use extrapolation by first riding around your neighborhood, and then using what you learned from that experience to predict how you would fare if you tried biking somewhere new, like downtown.	extrapolation	Explain extrapolation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Extrapolation is like using a ruler to measure how long a piece of string is. You can get a pretty accurate measurement by measuring the length of the string against the ruler at several points along its length. However, if you want to know how long the string is in total, you can also extrapolate by assuming that it's continuous and evenly distributed between the points you measured.	extrapolation	Explain extrapolation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Extrapolation is like guessing what a word might be based on the letters that are already there.	extrapolation	Explain extrapolation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Extrapolation is like guessing the answer to a problem based on what you already know. For example, if you are asked to multiply 5 by 7, you might guess that the answer is 35. This is because multiplication is a function of addition - in other words, for every number there is another number that results from multiplying it by 1, 2, 3 etc. So 5 multiplied by 7 equals 35 because 5 plus 5 plus 5 equals 15 and 15 plus 20 equals 35. In machine learning extrapolation algorithms work in a similar way - they learn how different inputs lead to certain outputs and then use this information to make predictions about new data points.	extrapolation	Explain extrapolation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Extrapolation is the process of predicting future events based on past observations. It is similar to forecasting, except that it uses data from a specific time period rather than general trends. Extrapolation can be used for both machine learning and statistics.	extrapolation	Explain extrapolation (machine learning) using an analogy.
False positive rate is like a person flipping a coin and it landing on heads five times in a row. The odds of the next flip landing on heads are still 50/50, but because the person has been getting lucky with head flips, their belief that the coin always lands on heads may be strengthened. In machine learning, if a model outputs a result that indicates there is something abnormal about an input data point (e.g. that it belongs to a group of cancer patients), but in reality this data point is not abnormal, then the model has generated a false positive.	false positive rate	Explain false positive rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
False positive rate is the likelihood that a machine learning algorithm will incorrectly identify an event as being abnormal when it is in fact normal. False positives can occur when there is noise in the data or when an algorithm overfits the training data. In general, the false positive rate increases as the number of features in a dataset increases. An analogy for false positive rate would be to think of throwing a bunch of darts at a dartboard and having one randomly land in the bulls-eye. The probability of this happening (false positive) depends on how many darts are thrown and how well you aim.	false positive rate	Explain false positive rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
False positive rate is the likelihood of a machine incorrectly labeling an instance as belonging to a particular class. For example, if you are using a facial recognition program to identify people in photos, and it labels someone as being part of the group “people” when they actually belong to the group “cats”, then that person would be considered a false positive.	false positive rate	Explain false positive rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
False positive rate is analogous to a person who constantly mistakes their friends for strangers in public. The false positive rate measures how often the machine learning algorithm incorrectly identifies an instance of something as being present when it was not actually there.	false positive rate	Explain false positive rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
A false positive rate is the percentage of times a machine learning algorithm incorrectly predicts that a particular input belongs to a given class. It can be thought of as analogous to the percentage of times a person correctly identifies someone they know, but mistakenly refers to them as another person they know.	false positive rate	Explain false positive rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature (machine learning) is like a teacher. It observes how you are doing and provides feedback so that you can improve.	feature	Explain feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
A feature (machine learning) is like a word in a sentence. The word "the" has a specific meaning, but it can be used in lots of different ways to create new sentences. In the same way, features (machine learning) can be used in lots of different ways to create new models.	feature	Explain feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature is like a machine learning superpower. It's like being able to see into the future, and know what someone is going to do before they even do it.	feature	Explain feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Some people might think of machine learning as a "black box" where you put in data and out comes predictions. However, really good machine learning models are more like transparent boxes. You can see what's going on inside the model and how it is coming to its conclusions. This makes them much more accountable and trustworthy than black-box methods.	feature	Explain feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature (machine learning) is like a teacher. It can tell you what you need to learn and how well you are doing in order to improve.	feature	Explain feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature selection is like sorting through your clothes to find something to wear. You want to find the best shirt for the day, so you go through your closet and select the shirt that looks the best. The same thing happens with machine learning - you need to choose which features (clothes) are most important for the task at hand.	feature selection	Explain feature selection (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature selection is like shopping for clothes. The first step is to figure out what you need, then you can start looking for the right fit. You might have a list of things you need, like pants, a shirt, and a jacket. But once you start looking at different stores, you might find that some stores have better deals on certain items than others. So you might change your mind about what you need and buy something cheaper or more expensive depending on what’s available.The same thing happens with machine learning algorithms. You start with a set of data and a goal (like recognizing objects in pictures), but as you look at different algorithms, some will be better at finding patterns than others. So you may end up using a different algorithm than the one you started with if it fits your data better	feature selection	Explain feature selection (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature selection is like a personal assistant who helps you choose the right outfit for an upcoming event. The personal assistant looks through your clothes and pulls out a few options that they think would work well based on what they know about you, your preferences, and the occasion.	feature selection	Explain feature selection (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature selection is like a person sorting through their clothes to decide what to wear. The person has many different options, but they need to pick the right clothes for the occasion. In the same way, machine learning algorithms need to select the best features in order to learn from data and make predictions.	feature selection	Explain feature selection (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature selection is like when you are in a clothing store and you are trying to find something to wear. You might start by looking through all of the clothes in the store, but that can be overwhelming and take a long time. So instead, you might pick out some items that you think would look good on you and try them on. If they don't look good, then you can get rid of them and try on some other items. This is similar to what feature selection does with data: it picks out a few features that it thinks will be useful for learning from and tries them out. If they aren't useful, then it gets rid of them and tries some other features.	feature selection	Explain feature selection (machine learning) using an analogy.
The feature vector for a particular object can be thought of as a list of numbers that represent different characteristics or features of that object. For example, if you were creating a feature vector for a house, some of the things you might include in the list would be the number of bedrooms, bathrooms and stories it has, as well as its exterior dimensions and age.	feature vector	Explain feature vector (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature vector is a bit like a shopping list. It's a list of all the features that you're looking for in a product. So, if you were shopping for a new TV, your feature vector might include things like size, resolution, price and brand.	feature vector	Explain feature vector (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature vectors are like ingredients in a recipe. They are the individual elements that are combined to create something new. In machine learning, feature vectors are used to describe objects or data. This allows algorithms to learn how to recognize patterns and classify information.	feature vector	Explain feature vector (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feature vector is a bit like giving your car a tune up. You might change the air filter, spark plugs and oil. These are all features that will help your car run better. In machine learning, you might choose some features to represent your data (like input data) in order to make predictions or decisions.	feature vector	Explain feature vector (machine learning) using an analogy.
A feature vector is like a shopping list. It's a list of all the ingredients you need to make a recipe. The same thing goes for machine learning - it's a way to keep track of all the information you need to teach a computer how to do something.	feature vector	Explain feature vector (machine learning) using an analogy.
Gradient accumulation is similar to a hill. The higher the gradient, the steeper the hill and the more quickly you will move up or down it.	gradient accumulation	Explain gradient accumulation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Gradient accumulation is a bit like hiking up a hill. Every time you take a step, you get a little bit closer to the top. The same thing happens with gradient descent: each step brings you closer to the optimal solution for your problem.	gradient accumulation	Explain gradient accumulation (machine learning) using an analogy.
The gradient accumulation function is like a garden hose. It steadily increases the pressure of water coming out of the hose as you continue to hold down the trigger. The more water that comes out, the higher the pressure gets.	gradient accumulation	Explain gradient accumulation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Gradient accumulation is a technique used in machine learning to improve the performance of a neural network. It works by gradually increasing the strength of the connections between neurons, based on how well they are performing. This allows the network to learn more efficiently and achieve better results.	gradient accumulation	Explain gradient accumulation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Gradient accumulation can be thought of as a way to gradually "learn" or increase one's understanding of a certain topic. This analogy might help: imagine you are learning how to ride a bicycle. Initially, it may be difficult and you will likely make plenty of mistakes. However, with time and practice, you'll gradually learn how to stay on the bike and balance yourself. The same is true for gradient accumulation - it takes time and practice to gradually learn more about a particular topic.	gradient accumulation	Explain gradient accumulation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hyperparameters are like the knobs and dials on a machine. They control how the machine works, but you don't usually have to change them.	hyperparameters	Explain hyperparameters (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hyperparameters are the knobs and dials of machine learning that you can turn to change how the learning algorithm works. They are a bit like the settings on your dishwasher - you can tweak them to get better performance, but it's also possible to mess things up if you're not careful.	hyperparameters	Explain hyperparameters (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hyperparameters are like the knobs and levers on a machine. They are adjustable settings that control how the machine works. In machine learning, hyperparameters are used to control things like the number of layers in a neural network, or the size of training datasets.	hyperparameters	Explain hyperparameters (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hyperparameters are to machine learning what knobs and dials are to a car. They're settings that you can tweak to better improve the performance of your model. Just as with a car, it's important to find the right balance for each hyperparameter or you might end up with a suboptimal model.	hyperparameters	Explain hyperparameters (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hyperparameters are like the steering wheel and accelerator of a car. They control how the car behaves, but are not influenced by the environment (road conditions, traffic, etc).	hyperparameters	Explain hyperparameters (machine learning) using an analogy.
Induction is like teaching a computer how to play a game. At first, the computer doesn’t know how to play at all. But you can show it examples of games that have been played before, and it will gradually learn how to play the game by itself.	induction	Explain induction (machine learning) using an analogy.
In induction, a machine learning algorithm is given a set of observations (examples) and the task is to learn a general rule that explains these examples. The rule can be something as simple as "all items in this list are red" or "the average price of these ten items is $5". Induction is similar to deduction, where you start with a known rule and use it to prove another statement. However, in induction, there are no known rules at the beginning - the machinelearning algorithm has to learn them from scratch.	induction	Explain induction (machine learning) using an analogy.
In analogy, induction can be thought of as a teacher who is trying to help students learn. The teacher starts by giving some basic information and then provides more detailed information as the students are able to understand it. This process continues until the students have learned everything that the teacher knows.	induction	Explain induction (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of inductive learning is as a scientist trying to understand the behavior of a particular species of animal. The scientist begins by observing a small number of animals in the wild and noting various characteristics about them- such as their size, color, diet, etc. After analyzing this data, the scientist may develop generalizations or rules about how that species behaves. For example, the scientist might observe that all animals in the sample tend to be around a certain size, or that they all eat specific foods. These generalizations can then be used to predict the behavior of other animals in the species based on limited information.	induction	Explain induction (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are learning a new language, you might be induction. Induction is the process of inferring rules from examples. In other words, induction is when you learn by example.	induction	Explain induction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Instance is like a student in a classroom. The student's characteristics (ethnicity, age, gender, etc.) are the instance features. The student's grade on the last test is the instance outcome.	instance	Explain instance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Instance is like a student. The student’s name, grade level, and other information are like the features of an instance. The student’s test scores are the example instances or data points.	instance	Explain instance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Instance would be like a specific example or data point. So for example, if you were learning about dogs, one instance might be a golden retriever named Bob. Another instance might be a labrador mix named Bill.	instance	Explain instance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Instance is like a person. We can think of a person as an instance of the human race.	instance	Explain instance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Instance is a machine learning term that refers to an example of the data set you are using to train your model. It's helpful to think of instances as individual people in your data set. You might have information about each person's age, gender, height, and weight. This would be a good data set to use if you wanted to predict someone's BMI (body mass index). In this case, each row of data would represent an instance or person in the data set.	instance	Explain instance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Labeling is like putting a name on a face. It's a way of identifying something so that you can talk about it more easily. For example, in machine learning, labels are used to identify the different types of data (like images, sounds, or text).	label	Explain label (machine learning) using an analogy.
A label is like a tag that you put on an item to help you find it later. For example, if you have a bunch of books, you might put a label on each one that tells you what the book is about.	label	Explain label (machine learning) using an analogy.
Labeling data is like putting a name tag on someone. It tells you who that person is and what they are called. Labeling data in machine learning helps the computer learn how to identify different objects, animals, or people in pictures or videos.	label	Explain label (machine learning) using an analogy.
Labeling is like putting a name tag on someone. It tells you who that person is and what they are called. In machine learning, labeling is when you give a specific name to a certain thing, such as an object or group of data points. This makes it easier to track and study the thing that has been labeled.	label	Explain label (machine learning) using an analogy.
Labeling is a bit like putting a name tag on someone. It assigns a specific word or phrase to describe someone or something. In machine learning, labeling is the process of identifying and assigning specific characteristics (or labels) to data so that it can be more easily understood and analyzed.	label	Explain label (machine learning) using an analogy.
A learning rate is like the speed at which you learn something new. It determines how quickly your neural network "learns" from its training data.	learning rate	Explain learning rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
A learning rate is a bit like how quickly you learn new things. If your learning rate is high, you'll learn new information quickly. If your learning rate is low, it will take you longer to learn the same amount of information.	learning rate	Explain learning rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
The learning rate is like the speed at which you learn new information. The higher the learning rate, the more quickly you learn.	learning rate	Explain learning rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
Learning rate is the speed at which a machine learning algorithm improves its performance on a task as it receives more data. The analogy would be that of somebody who is trying to learn how to play the violin. At first, they may make many mistakes and not sound very good. However, as they continue practice, their skills will improve dramatically.	learning rate	Explain learning rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think about learning as a journey, then the learning rate is how fast your travel. It's the speed at which you learn and improve.	learning rate	Explain learning rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you're playing a game of pool. You have 8 balls on the table and your goal is to sink them all in the fewest number of shots possible. If you miss a shot, the ball goes back to its spot on the table and your opponent has a turn. Pool is a game of attrition--the person who makes the least mistakes wins.Now imagine you're playing against an AI opponent. The AI can see all of the balls on the table at once and it knows where each one is going to be after every shot. It also knows how hard it's going to hit each ball and what angle will give it the best chance of sinking it in one shot. You would lose pretty badly, wouldn't you?This is basically what happens when you train a machine learning model: you give it some data (in this case, pictures of cats) and tell it what outcome you want (in this case, identifying whether or not a picture contains a cat). Then the machine learning algorithm looks at all of the data points and tries to find patterns that will allow it to predict the correct outcome for new data points.	loss	Explain loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Loss is the opposite of gain, and is basically a measure of how much money (or other form of value) you lose on a trade. It's usually expressed as a percentage, and it's calculated by dividing the total amount lost by the total amount initially risked.	loss	Explain loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Loss is the penalty that a machine learning algorithm pays for making a mistake. It's like when you play a game of soccer and lose one point every time you miss the goal.	loss	Explain loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of loss in machine learning is as a penalty for getting the wrong answer. The more incorrect answers you give, the higher your loss value will be. This helps motivate the algorithm to learn the correct answer faster.	loss	Explain loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you are playing a game of chess, and you lose your queen, it is the same as if you lost all of your other pieces. You can no longer make any moves, and the other player can easily win. In machine learning, when you lose your data set (the queen), it is very difficult to continue training the model.	loss	Explain loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a child that is constantly learning. The more it is exposed to, the more it will learn. With machine learning, computers are given access to large amounts of data and they use this data to learn how to do things better, faster and smarter.	machine learning	Explain machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Think of machine learning as a computer’s brain. Just like humans, computers can learn and improve over time by analyzing data. Machine learning algorithms allow computers to “learn” from experience, improving their performance on subsequent tasks.	machine learning	Explain machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a toddler learning how to speak. The first time the child tries, they may only say a few words or phrases. But with practice, they learn new words and how to put them together to form sentences. Machine learning works in a similar way. It starts with basic instructions (like algorithms) and then gets better at completing tasks over time as it experiences more data (like training sets).	machine learning	Explain machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a computerized personal assistant. Just as you would tell your assistant what to do each day (e.g., “wake me up at 7am”, “order flowers for my mom’s birthday”), you can also train a machine learning algorithm to recognize patterns in data and automatically take action based on those patterns (e.g., recognizing when you typically wake up and setting an alarm for 7am, noticing that it is close to your mother's birthday and ordering flowers).	machine learning	Explain machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a computer program that can learn to recognize patterns on its own. For example, if you wanted the computer program to be able to identify pictures of dogs, you would first show it lots of pictures of different kinds of dogs. Then the computer program would "learn" how to recognize the pattern that all dog images have in common. After it has learned this, you could then show it a picture of a cat and it would be able to tell you that it is not a dog.	machine learning	Explain machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Model (machine learning) is like using a map while you are driving in an unknown city. The map is your model, and the streets of the city are the data. As you drive down a street, you compare what you see with what's on the map. If they match, then you know that you're on the right track. If they don't match, then you need to adjust your course until they do.	model	Explain model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Using an analogy, a model can be thought of as a set of instructions that show how to make something. For example, you might have a recipe for chocolate cake that tells you what ingredients to use and how to mix them together. The recipe is the model, and it shows you how to make chocolate cake.	model	Explain model (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for a model would be to think of it as a recipe. A recipe is a set of instructions that tells you how to make something. A model is a set of instructions that tells you how to predict something.	model	Explain model (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of the model as a computer, then the data is the software that is installed on it. The learning algorithm is like a set of instructions for the computer to follow in order to learn from the data.	model	Explain model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A model is like a recipe. You can use the recipe to make a cake, and then you can use the same recipe to make another cake. The recipe is always the same, but the results will be different each time because of all of the different ingredients that are used.	model	Explain model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a little girl learning to tie your shoe laces. You might have someone show you how it's done the first time, but then eventually, you'll be able to do it yourself by following the same steps each time. A neural network is kind of like that: it's a computer program that can learn how to do things by itself, by following a set of rules (or "neurons"). Just like with tying shoelaces, sometimes the network will make mistakes, but over time it will get better and better at doing what it's supposed to.	neural networks	Explain neural networks (machine learning) using an analogy.
Analogy: Neural networks are like a group of people who have been trained to recognize certain patterns. For example, if you show a group of people a picture of someone's face and then ask them to identify that person in another picture, the neural network will be able to do the same thing.	neural networks	Explain neural networks (machine learning) using an analogy.
Neural networks are like a group of people who have never met before. Each person in the group is given a list of other people in the group and their job title. The first person then goes around to all the other people and asks them what they do for a living. After getting information from everyone, that person tries to match up jobs with people based on what they were told. This process is repeated over and over until everyone has been matched with a job. Neural networks work in a similar way by being given data (e.g., pictures) and trying to match it up with something else (e.g., an object).	neural networks	Explain neural networks (machine learning) using an analogy.
Neural networks are similar to the human brain. The human brain has billions of neurons which connect to each other in a very complicated way. Neural networks are computer programs that have been designed to mimic this behavior. Just like the human brain, neural networks can learn by example. They can also get better at doing things over time as they make more and more connections between their neurons.	neural networks	Explain neural networks (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for neural networks is that they are like the human brain. They can learn and remember information, which allows them to make predictions about future events.	neural networks	Explain neural networks (machine learning) using an analogy.
Normalization is a process that adjusts input values so that they are all within the same range. This makes it easier to compare and contrast different inputs, and to find patterns in data. An analogy would be adjusting the temperature on a thermostat so that all of the rooms in your house are comfortable regardless of what time of day it is.	normalization	Explain normalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
One possible analogy for normalization in machine learning is the process of heating water to make it suitable for drinking. The water is initially at a variety of different temperatures, depending on where it was collected. In order to create a consistent and usable resource, the water is heated until it reaches a common temperature. This makes it easier to regulate its temperature and more predictable when used for various purposes. Normalizing data works in a similar way: by bringing all the data points into alignment, you make it easier to identify patterns and trends across your entire dataset.	normalization	Explain normalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Normalization is a technique used in machine learning that adjusts the range of data values in order to make them more similar. This is done so that the algorithms can better learn from the data and produce more accurate results. Normalization can be thought of as analogous to watering plants. If you have a pot with several different-sized plants, you might water them all using the same amount of water. By doing this, you are making each plant's environment more similar, which will help them all grow evenly. In a similar way, normalizing data makes it easier for algorithms to learn from it and produce more accurate predictions.	normalization	Explain normalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of normalization is as a kind of “weighting” or “scaling” process. It adjusts the relative importance of each feature (or attribute) in a dataset, so that all features are given roughly equal weight. Normalization can be helpful in two ways:1. When there is a lot of variation in the values for different features (for example, if some features are measurements from different parts of the body), then it can make it easier to compare and contrast them. This is because normalizing them will adjust their values so they all fall within a similar range.2. When there is low variability among the values for different features, then normalizing them will help to spread out those values and make them more indicative of true differences between instances (i.e., objects or examples).	normalization	Explain normalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Normalization is a process that adjusts the scale of a dataset to make it more suitable for machine learning algorithms. This can be done by dividing each value in the dataset by a fixed number (the standard deviation) or by using another measure of variability (the mean). Normalizing data helps reduce the impact of outliers and makes the data more homogeneous, which allows machine learning algorithms to learn from it more effectively.	normalization	Explain normalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Noise in machine learning is similar to static on a television. It is a disturbance or interference that can distort or block the transmission of signals. In machine learning, noise can affect the accuracy of predictions made by models.	noise	Explain noise (machine learning) using an analogy.
Noise in machine learning is a bit like static on the radio. It's something that can interfere with your ability to hear what's being said clearly. In the context of machine learning, noise can refer to all sorts of things that might distort or obscure the data you're trying to analyze. This might include things like inaccuracies in the data itself, or random fluctuations caused by external factors.	noise	Explain noise (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of machine learning as a way to make predictions, then noise would be like random factors that can distort those predictions. For example, imagine you're trying to predict the outcome of an election. Noise might include things like people who vote against their party's candidate or weather conditions on voting day.	noise	Explain noise (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of noise is as follows: imagine that you are trying to learn a new language by studying a text in that language. However, instead of just the text itself, you have also been given a list of words that are not actually found in the text. These additional words (the noise) make it harder for you to learn the language because they distort the information you are trying to extract from the text. In machine learning, noise is any kind of distortion or variation in the data that makes it more difficult to learn from and model accurately.	noise	Explain noise (machine learning) using an analogy.
Noise is like static on a TV screen. It's something that can make it difficult to see what's actually happening in the picture. In machine learning, noise is any information that isn't actually important for predicting the outcome you're trying to predict.	noise	Explain noise (machine learning) using an analogy.
Null accuracy (machine learning) is the equivalent of a human guessing the answer to a question every time they are asked. It would be very inaccurate, and not something you would want to rely on for information.	null accuracy	Explain null accuracy (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of a machine learning algorithm as if it's a person, then null accuracy would be like that person not knowing anything - they would have no idea what was going on and would therefore achieve a 0% success rate.	null accuracy	Explain null accuracy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Null accuracy is a property of a machine learning algorithm that means the algorithm correctly predicts the absence of an event (e.g., a particular type of tumor) as often as it predicts the presence of that event. In other words, null accuracy occurs when the algorithm performs no better than flipping a coin in its predictions.	null accuracy	Explain null accuracy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Null accuracy is like a student who gets every question wrong on a test, but still receives an "A" because the test was graded on a curve. In machine learning, null accuracy occurs when a model predicts every instance as being not predicted.	null accuracy	Explain null accuracy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Null accuracy is the ability of a machine learning algorithm to predict that an observation will have a value of zero. This can be helpful in settings where it is important to identify which observations are most likely to have a value of zero.	null accuracy	Explain null accuracy (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of a decision tree as a flowchart, the first node in the chart is like your starting point and each subsequent node is like a question that branches off from the previous one. To create a decision tree, you start by identifying all the possible questions that could be asked about your data set, then you figure out which questions are best at distinguishing between different groups of data.	observation	Explain observation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a person learning how to ride a bike. The first time the person tries, they may not be very good at it. But with practice, they will get better and better.	observation	Explain observation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Observation (machine learning) is like a scientist looking at data in a laboratory. The scientist may see patterns among the data and then develop a theory to explain those patterns. In machine learning, algorithms are used to find similar patterns in data and then develop predictive models from those patterns.	observation	Explain observation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Observation in machine learning is like a teacher observing her students in the classroom. She makes notes of their behavior and performance, then uses this information to help them learn and improve over time. In the same way, observation helps machines learn by providing feedback that allows them to refine their algorithms and better understand the data they are working with.	observation	Explain observation (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of learning as being like a journey, then the observations made by a machine learning algorithm are like landmarks along the way. Each landmark can help the algorithm to figure out which path is most likely to lead to the destination that it’s looking for.	observation	Explain observation (machine learning) using an analogy.
An outlier is a data point that falls far away from the rest of the data points. Outliers can be caused by errors in sampling, or they can be genuine observations that don't fit within the pattern of the other data. In machine learning, outliers can cause problems because they can throw off the models that are being trained.	outlier	Explain outlier (machine learning) using an analogy.
An outlier is like a person in a group of people who doesn't quite fit in. They may be very different from the rest of the group in terms of their appearance, personality, or interests. Outliers can sometimes be difficult to identify, but they often stand out from the rest of the group.	outlier	Explain outlier (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for outlier detection in machine learning is to think of it as a quality control process used on an assembly line. Outliers are like products that do not meet the standard requirements and need to be identified and removed from circulation so they do not cause problems further down the line.	outlier	Explain outlier (machine learning) using an analogy.
An outlier is like a student who is extremely smart or talented in one subject, but not so much in the others. In machine learning, an outlier would be a data point that doesn’t fit well with the rest of the data and thus needs to be removed from the analysis.	outlier	Explain outlier (machine learning) using an analogy.
Outlier can be thought of as a dirty sock in the load of laundry. It is something that does not quite fit in with the rest of the group and stands out for one reason or another. In machine learning, outliers are data points that do not follow the general trend of the other data points. They may be caused by errors in measurement or by genuine anomalies in the data set.	outlier	Explain outlier (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of overfitting is as a student who has learned all the details of her textbook, but hasn’t learned how to apply that knowledge to new problems. She can parrot back what she’s read, and even answer test questions correctly, but when asked to solve a new problem she won’t have any idea where to start.Overfitting in machine learning works in a similar way. The algorithm “learns” all the specific features of the data it is given, down to the last detail. But when it comes time to generalize and apply that knowledge to new data (for example, data it has never seen before), it doesn’t work so well. This is because there are simply too many specific details about the training data that don’t carry over to other datasets. So while the algorithm may be able to accurately predict outcomes for examples from within its training dataset, it will often perform much worse when applied to new data sets.	overfitting	Explain overfitting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Overfitting is like when you learn a new word, but then start using it in every conversation even when it doesn't make sense. You're basically learning something just for the sake of learning it, instead of actually using it in a meaningful way. In machine learning, overfitting happens when a model learns too much specific information about the training data and starts to perform poorly on new data.	overfitting	Explain overfitting (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of overfitting is as a kind of “learning too much”. In general, when we try to learn something new (e.g., a set of data), our goal is for the learning algorithm to find patterns in that data that best explain how it behaves. However, if there are some spurious patterns in the training data (perhaps introduced by chance or noise), then a learning algorithm that is too flexible may be able to fit these patterns as well, and will therefore perform poorly on new data sets. This limitation of machine learning algorithms is often referred to as overfitting.	overfitting	Explain overfitting (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you were to design a car specifically for the track, it would be an excellent choice. However, if you then tried to drive that same car on the street, it would be completely useless. The reason is that while the track has very specific conditions (smooth surface, no obstacles), the street has a variety of different conditions that the car was not designed to handle. This is analogous to overfitting in machine learning - designing a model that performs extremely well on the data used to train it but does not generalize well to other data.	overfitting	Explain overfitting (machine learning) using an analogy.
A common problem in machine learning is overfitting, which means that the model you have learned from your data begins to fit the data too well. This happens when the model memorizes the specific details of the training set and fails to generalize to new data. For example, imagine that you are trying to learn how a particular person behaves by observing them in various situations. If you only ever observe this person in your own town, then your model will be very good at predicting their behavior within your town but will likely not work elsewhere.	overfitting	Explain overfitting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Parameters in machine learning are similar to the knobs and levers on a guitar amplifier. They allow you to control how the system behaves. In particular, they let you change the levels of different features that are being used for training or inference.	parameters	Explain parameters (machine learning) using an analogy.
Parameters are like the knobs and levers on a machine. They allow you to adjust how the machine works so that it can do what you want it to do. In machine learning, parameters control things like how much data is used to train a model, how closely different models are compared when choosing the best one, and how aggressively models are updated as new data becomes available.	parameters	Explain parameters (machine learning) using an analogy.
Parameters are like the knobs and levers on a machine. You can turn them to change how the machine behaves. In machine learning, the parameters control how the model works.	parameters	Explain parameters (machine learning) using an analogy.
Parameters in machine learning are like the knobs and levers on a control panel. They allow you to adjust how the machine works, so that you can get the results you want.	parameters	Explain parameters (machine learning) using an analogy.
Parameters are like the knobs and levers on a machine. They control how the machine works, and you can use them to change how it behaves. In machine learning, parameters are what you use to tweak your model so that it performs better. You can think of them as "settings" that you can adjust to get the results you want.	parameters	Explain parameters (machine learning) using an analogy.
Precision is the number of true positives divided by the total number of positive predictions. Analogy: Accuracy is like a batting average in baseball. Precision would be like getting on base every time you are up to bat, whether or not you hit the ball.	precision	Explain precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
Precision is the number of true positives divided by the total number of positive predictions. In other words, it's how often your model is correct when it guesses something is a positive example. Imagine you're flipping a coin and trying to predict whether it will land on heads or tails. If you flip the coin 10 times and get 6 heads, your precision would be 60%. This means that out of all the times your model guessed that a given coin flip was heads, 60% of those flips were actually heads.	precision	Explain precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
Precision is a measure of how accurately a machine learning algorithm predicts the real-world value for a particular input. It is calculated by dividing the number of correctly predicted values by the total number of predictions made.	precision	Explain precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
Precision is the number of true positive results divided by the total number of positive results. In other words, it is how often a test result is correct, when considering only those tests that are actually positive. Imagine you have a disease that affects one out of every thousand people. You go to the doctor for a blood test and it comes back with a result indicating you have this disease. This would be considered a very precise diagnosis, because on average it would be correct 999/1000 times (99.9% precision).	precision	Explain precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
Precision is the fraction of records in a dataset that are correctly identified as belonging to a particular class. In other words, it’s how well your machine learning algorithm performs when predicting whether or not an observation belongs to a certain category. For example, if you have a data set with 1,000 observations and your machine learning algorithm predicts 900 of them correctly, then the precision would be 90%.	precision	Explain precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
A recall algorithm is like a teacher. It reviews all of the questions that it has asked its students so far and looks for any questions that have been answered incorrectly. It then creates a quiz made up of only those questions to help improve the students' understanding.	recall	Explain recall (machine learning) using an analogy.
Recall is like a teacher going through her notes from the previous year to plan which lessons she will teach in the upcoming school year. She reviews all of her old lesson plans and class materials to make sure she covers everything that she wants students to learn.	recall	Explain recall (machine learning) using an analogy.
Recall is similar to memory in a human. It is the ability to remember information that has been presented previously.	recall	Explain recall (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you remember something, it is like recalling it from memory. In machine learning, a recall algorithm remembers important information and can later retrieve it quickly.	recall	Explain recall (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for recall is that it is like finding a needle in a haystack. Recall is the ability of a machine learning algorithm to find the right information within a dataset, even if it’s hidden among many other pieces of data.	recall	Explain recall (machine learning) using an analogy.
Recall and precision are like two sides of the same coin when it comes to machine learning. Recall is a measure of how many items in a set the algorithm is able to identify as being present, while precision tells you how many of those identified items are actually correct. In other words, recall measures how well the algorithm did overall, while precision lets you know how accurate its identifications were. To use an analogy, recall would be like someone asking you what items are in your room, while precision would be akin to them checking whether everything you told them was actually there.	recall vs precision	Explain recall vs precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
Recall is like a library. It's a collection of all the things that have been stored in it. Precision is like how many books are returned to the library after they've been borrowed.	recall vs precision	Explain recall vs precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
Recall is like a Google search. If you type in a query, Google will try to return the most relevant results. The precision of those results is how accurate they are to what you were looking for. Recall measures how many of those relevant results Google actually returns.Precision is like a librarian cataloging books. Precision would be the accuracy with which each book has been labeled and sorted into its correct place on the shelf.	recall vs precision	Explain recall vs precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
Recall is like a library. It's a place where you can go to find books. Precision is like the Dewey Decimal System that the library uses to organize its books.	recall vs precision	Explain recall vs precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
Recall is like a library. It is a measure of how many items in the library are actually called when we want to find something. Precision is like the card catalog in the library. It is a measure of how many entries in the card catalog match what we are looking for.	recall vs precision	Explain recall vs precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
Regression is similar to predicting future weather patterns. Just as meteorologists use past weather data to predict the likelihood of rain or snow in a certain region on a given day, regression algorithms use past data to predict the probability of an event occurring (in this case, a sale).	regression	Explain regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
A doctor is trying to understand how a certain medication affects a patient's health. They take measurements of the patient's health before and after taking the medication. From this data, the doctor can create a model that predicts how healthy a patient will be after taking the medication, based on their health before taking it.	regression	Explain regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Regression (machine learning) is like a very smart person who can predict what will happen in the future. This person looks at all of the data that they have collected and finds patterns. They then use these patterns to make predictions about what will happen in the future.	regression	Explain regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Regression is similar to predicting future events based on past experiences. For example, if you have a history of buying stocks that have performed well in the past, you might predict that buying stock in a certain company will be profitable in the future.	regression	Explain regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Regression is similar to predicting the future based on past events. For example, if you wanted to predict next week's weather, you might look at data from previous weeks to see what the average temperature was and what types of weather patterns occurred. You could then use this information to predict next week's temperature. Regression works in a similar way, but instead of predicting the weather, it predicts things like how likely a person is to default on a loan or how much someone will spend on groceries in a month.	regression	Explain regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Garbage collection is a process in computer programming that removes unnecessary data from memory to free up space and improve performance. This analogy can be used to explain the concept of regularization in machine learning. Just as garbage collectors remove unnecessary data from memory, regularizers remove unnecessary features from a machine learning model in order to reduce complexity and improve accuracy.	regularization	Explain regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you're trying to learn how to play tennis. You might have a lot of data on different people playing tennis, including things like their height, weight, age, and experience. You could use this data to create a model that tries to predict someone's ability to play tennis based on these factors. However, there will always be some uncertainty in your predictions. For example, two people might have the same height and weight but one might be much better at playing tennis than the other. This is because there are many other factors that contribute to someone's ability to play tennis, such as their natural athleticism and practice habits.Regularization is a technique used in machine learning that helps reduce this uncertainty. It does this by adding extra information (or "features") to the model that aren't related to the thing you're trying to predict (in our example, someone's ability to play tennis). This can help make your predictions more accurate by accounting for all of the important factors affecting someone's ability to play tennis.	regularization	Explain regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Regularization is a bit like using a weight belt when you go for a run. The belt helps to keep your muscles tight and makes them work harder, so they get stronger over time. In the same way, regularization helps machine learning algorithms to learn more effectively by preventing them from becoming too confident in their predictions and therefore from making too many mistakes.	regularization	Explain regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Analogy: Imagine you are a judge overseeing a trial. There is some evidence against the defendant, but also some evidence that could support their innocence. How do you rule? You might try to find as much information as possible to make your decision. This is like using all of the data in your training set to train your model. However, even with all of this data, it’s still possible that there are some cases that your model can’t learn properly (maybe because there just isn’t enough data). In these cases, you can add extra rules or constraints to your model in order to help it generalize better from the data you have. This is like being a judge who uses their knowledge of the law and human behavior to make better rulings in difficult cases.	regularization	Explain regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Regularization can be thought of as a technique used to reduce overfitting. It works by adding a penalty term to the error function that is proportional to the size of the weights in the network. This penalty makes it more expensive to add new nodes or connections to the network, which helps prevent the model from becoming too complex and overfitting on the training data.	regularization	Explain regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Reinforcement learning is like teaching a dog how to fetch a ball. Every time the dog fetches the ball, we give it a treat. After doing this several times, the dog will learn that fetching the ball results in getting a treat. In reinforcement learning, our computer program is trying to learn by itself what actions lead to positive outcomes (rewards), much like our dog did.	reinforcement learning	Explain reinforcement learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Reinforcement learning is like teaching a dog how to fetch. You might start by rewarding your dog every time he brings you the ball, and then eventually phase out the rewards as he learns that bringing you the ball is what gets him his treats. In reinforcement learning, computers also learn through feedback, but with digital rewards (like "points" in a game) rather than real-world treats.	reinforcement learning	Explain reinforcement learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Reinforcement learning is like teaching a dog how to fetch. At first, you may need to show the dog what it means to "fetch" and give it a treat each time it brings back the ball. Overtime, however, the dog will learn that when it brings back the ball, good things happen (it gets a treat) and eventually will start fetching without needing any encouragement from you. This is very similar to how reinforcement learning works with machines - they are taught through repeated exposure to various scenarios and outcomes until they can learn on their own which behaviors result in positive outcomes.	reinforcement learning	Explain reinforcement learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Reinforcement learning is like a dog that is being trained to do tricks. The trainer will give the dog a treat every time it does something correctly and eventually, the dog will learn all of the tricks that are being taught because it wants the treats. Reinforcement learning in machines works in a similar way - by rewarding the machine for performing tasks correctly, it can be "trained" to do them better over time.	reinforcement learning	Explain reinforcement learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Reinforcement learning can be thought of as a type of machine learning that allows computers to learn from experience and make predictions about the best way to achieve specific goals. It is similar to other types of machine learning, such as supervised and unsupervised learning, but it differs in that feedback is provided to the computer in the form of rewards and punishments. This feedback helps the computer learn which actions are most likely to lead to successful outcomes.	reinforcement learning	Explain reinforcement learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
The roc curve is a way of measuring how well a machine learning algorithm is performing. It does this by plotting the percentage of correct predictions against the false positive rate. This allows you to see how well your algorithm is doing at differentiating between true positives and false positives.	roc curve	Explain roc curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
A roc curve is a graph of the true positive rate (TPR) against the false positive rate (FPR) as we vary some parameter, usually called the threshold. The TPR and FPR are plotted on a log-scale with the X-axis being the TPR and Y-axis being the FPR. It should be noted that most often in machine learning, we use Receiver Operating Characteristic curves (ROCs), which are generated by plotting sensitivity (true positives / (true positives + false negatives)) as a function of specificity (false positives / (false positives + true negatives)).	roc curve	Explain roc curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of the roc curve as being like a ruler, it can be helpful to think of the different "marks" on the ruler as representing different things. The first mark is the beginning, or starting point, and each successive mark is higher than the one before it. This means that something is getting better and better as it progresses. In terms of machine learning, this would mean that the algorithm is constantly improving its predictions as more data becomes available.	roc curve	Explain roc curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
A roc curve is a way of measuring how accurate a machine learning algorithm is. The x-axis represents the percentage of correct predictions that the algorithm makes, while the y-axis shows how many incorrect predictions are made. A perfect machine learning algorithm would have a roc curve that goes from 0% to 100%, with no mistakes along the way.	roc curve	Explain roc curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
Roc curve is a graphical representation of the performance of a machine learning algorithm. The x-axis represents the percentage of correctly predicted positive outcomes, while y-axis represent the percentage of correctly predicted negative outcomes. A high Roc curve indicates that the machine learning algorithm is good at predicting whether an instance belongs to a positive or negative group	roc curve	Explain roc curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
An example of segmentation in machine learning is a spam filter. The spam filter divides all the email it receives into two categories: spam and not spam. It does this by analyzing each email and figuring out which characteristics are associated with spam emails. Once it has figured out these characteristics, it can use them to determine whether an email is spam or not.	segmentation	Explain segmentation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Segmentation is a bit like sorting your clothes into piles. Imagine you have a pile of red shirts, a pile of blue shirts, and a pile of green shirts. You can easily see that the colors are divided into three groups. This is similar to how machine learning segmentation works: it takes data and divides it up into groups based on certain characteristics.	segmentation	Explain segmentation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Segmentation is like sorting a deck of cards. The cards are first divided into two piles, then each pile is divided into two more piles, and so on until there are 52 individual piles. This process is repeated until all the cards are sorted.	segmentation	Explain segmentation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Segmentation is a process that is used by machine learning algorithms to divide input data into groups of similar objects. This can be done in order to make the task of learning from data easier, or to improve the accuracy of predictions made by the algorithm. An analogy for this might be imagining that you are trying to learn about different types of fruit. If you only had a single apple, it would be difficult to determine what characteristics all apples have in common, and how they differ from other fruits. However, if you divided up your data set into categories based on type of fruit (e.g. apples, oranges, pineapples), then it would be much easier to identify specific properties that are unique to apples, such as their color or flavor.	segmentation	Explain segmentation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Segmentation is like sorting a big pile of different colored Lego blocks into smaller piles, each pile containing blocks of the same color. The goal is to have as many small piles as possible, so that it will be easier to find the block you are looking for.	segmentation	Explain segmentation (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, specificity is the ability of a model to correctly predict the outcome for a specific set of input data. The model is said to be “specific” to that particular set of data. In other words, it can accurately identify patterns in that data and make predictions about future events based on those patterns.A good analogy for specificity would be a person who is an expert in a certain field. For example, if you wanted to know what kind of flowers blooms in your area in March, you could ask an expert who would likely give you a more accurate answer than someone who isn’t familiar with local flora.	specificity	Explain specificity (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you want to learn how to play the guitar, it would be helpful to take lessons from a skilled musician rather than someone who only knows how to strum chords. The musician will be able to teach you specific techniques and tips that will help you improve your playing skills. In the same way, when using machine learning algorithms, it is important to use datasets that are specifically tailored for the task at hand. This will ensure that the algorithm learns how to correctly identify patterns in the data and make predictions with greater accuracy.	specificity	Explain specificity (machine learning) using an analogy.
In the business world, we often talk about “targeting the right customer.” This means that we want to identify and focus on those individuals or businesses who are most likely to buy our product or service. We do this by analyzing certain characteristics of those people or organizations – their location, size, age range, industry, etc. – and then creating a profile (or target) for what we consider our ideal customer. Once we have that target in place, our marketing efforts can be focused specifically on reaching them.Machine learning works in a similar way. The goal is to create algorithms that can learn how to recognize patterns in data (the features), so that they can be used to predict something of interest (the target). In order for these algorithms to be effective, however, they need to be “trained” using a large amount of data which has been specifically labeled according to the target variable (e.g., whether or not someone purchased a product). As more data is fed into the system, the algorithm will become better at recognizing patterns and predicting outcomes.	specificity	Explain specificity (machine learning) using an analogy.
In the early days of computers, storage was extremely expensive. So when a computer program needed to store some information, it would save as much space as possible by storing only the specific bits of data that were necessary. This is similar to how machine learning works: by identifying and remembering only the specific features of an object that are important for performing a task (such as recognizing a face), a machine can learn without needing to remember every detail about every object.	specificity	Explain specificity (machine learning) using an analogy.
A specific example of a cat is easier to find than an example of a mammal. This is because cats have features that distinguish them from other animals, such as their fur and tails. When looking for a cat, you are more likely to be successful if you specify that you are looking for a particular type of cat, like a Siamese or Abyssinian.	specificity	Explain specificity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Supervised learning is like a teacher instructing students on what to do and how to do it. The teacher provides feedback so that the students can learn and improve their skills. In supervised learning, the computer system also receives feedback about how well it has performed its task.	supervised learning	Explain supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Supervised learning is like a human being being taught how to do something. The machine learning algorithm is given examples of input and desired output, and it “learns” how to produce the correct output for new data based on the training data.	supervised learning	Explain supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy is that it is like having a teacher in school. The teacher can tell you what to do and help guide you, but at the end of the day, you are responsible for your own learning and understanding. In supervised learning, the computer is given feedback about how well it has done on a task (i.e., how accurately it has guessed answers) and this helps it learn over time to improve its performance on that task.	supervised learning	Explain supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Supervised learning is like being a teacher. A machine learning algorithm is given a set of training data, which it uses to learn how to recognize patterns. Once the algorithm has been trained, it can be used to predict outcomes for new data sets.	supervised learning	Explain supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Supervised learning is similar to teaching a child. The teacher has a set of examples (the 'training data') that they use to show the child how to do something. They also have a set of instructions (the 'algorithm') that tells them what actions to take based on the example data. After seeing enough examples, the child will be able to do the task themselves without needing help from the teacher.	supervised learning	Explain supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A test set is like a practice exam. It's used to help you prepare for the real thing.	test set	Explain test set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A test set is a group of data that is used to evaluate the accuracy of a machine learning algorithm. It is important to use a separate set of data for testing, because you want to make sure that your algorithm is actually doing what you expect it to do. This analogy might help: think of the test set as a group of students who are trying out for the basketball team. The training set would be the players who have already been selected for the team, and the test set would be the students who are trying out for the first time. You wouldn't use the same players in both groups - that would be unfair!	test set	Explain test set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A test set is a group of data that is used to evaluate how well a machine learning algorithm works. It is separate from the training set, which is used to teach the machine learning algorithm how to do its job.	test set	Explain test set (machine learning) using an analogy.
Testing set is like a practice exam. It helps you understand how well you know the material and where you need more study time.	test set	Explain test set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A test set is like a group of people who have never seen the movie before. They are used to test whether the machine learning algorithm has been trained accurately.	test set	Explain test set (machine learning) using an analogy.
The training set is like a teacher. The teacher has all the information about a particular subject and can share that with students to help them learn. In machine learning, the training set is used to teach a computer how to recognize patterns in data.	training set	Explain training set (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for a machine learning "training set" is to think of it as being similar to the process that new police officers go through. A training set is a collection of data that is used to teach a machine how to do something, in this case recognize objects. The police officers are given lots of information about different types of crimes and the different techniques that can be used to solve them. This same information is also given to the machines, but in a more organized fashion. The idea is that over time, both the police officers and the machines will get better at recognizing crime scenes and solving crimes using the data from the training set.	training set	Explain training set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A training set is like a teacher. The teacher provides examples (training data) to help the student learn how to identify different types of objects (in this analogy, the objects are pictures of animals). After looking at many different pictures (the training data), the student can then correctly identify images of animals without needing the teacher to be there.	training set	Explain training set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A training set is like a group of people who have learned how to do something new, like ride a bike. The machine learning algorithm is like the person who teaches them. The data in the training set is used to teach the machine learning algorithm how to recognize patterns in data.	training set	Explain training set (machine learning) using an analogy.
The training set is like a teacher. It helps the machine learning algorithm learn how to perform a specific task.	training set	Explain training set (machine learning) using an analogy.
Transfer learning is like teaching a second language. The first time you learn a new language, it takes a lot of effort to remember all the words and grammar rules. But once you have learned one new language, learning another one becomes much easier because you already know some of the basics. Machine learning algorithms can be thought of as “programming languages” that are used to build models for specific tasks (e.g., recognizing objects in pictures or predicting stock prices). When we use a machine learning algorithm to train a model on one task, we can often transfer that model to another task with only minor modifications. This is because many machine learning algorithms are based on general principles such as probability and statistics, which remain the same regardless of the particular problem being solved.	transfer learning	Explain transfer learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Transfer learning is essentially a form of machine learning that allows a computer system to "learn" how to do something by example. In other words, it can be used to teach a computer how to carry out a particular task by showing it examples of how the task is done. This is in contrast to traditional machine learning algorithms, which require the computer system to learn everything from scratch.	transfer learning	Explain transfer learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Transfer learning is similar to how humans learn. When a baby learns how to walk, they are not starting from scratch. They are using the skills they learned when they were crawling. Transfer learning is when a machine learning algorithm uses knowledge it has learned in one task to help it learn another task.	transfer learning	Explain transfer learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Transfer learning is like teaching a second language. Once you know one language, it's easier to learn another because you have basic knowledge of grammar and sentence structure that can be applied to the new language. With machine learning, if you've already trained a model on one task (such as recognizing objects in photos), you can use it as a starting point for training a model on a new task (such as recognizing gestures). This is called transfer learning, because the first model "transfers" its learned knowledge to the new task.	transfer learning	Explain transfer learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Transfer learning can be thought of as a high school student who has already taken Calculus I. This student has a strong foundation in calculus and is able to learn new concepts more quickly than someone who hasn't taken the course. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm that has been trained on one task (e.g., recognizing images of cats) can be "transferred" to another task (e.g., recognizing images of dogs) with much less training data required.	transfer learning	Explain transfer learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
The true positive rate (TPR) is the percentage of actual positives that are correctly identified as such by a classifier. This can be thought of as the sensitivity of the classifier or how well it identifies positives.	true positive rate	Explain true positive rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
A true positive rate is the percentage of times a machine learning algorithm correctly classifies an input as being in a particular category. In other words, it is the number of correct identifications divided by the total number of identifications made.	true positive rate	Explain true positive rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of a true positive rate as being like a medical test, then it would be the percentage of times that the test correctly identifies someone who actually has the disease. So, if a test had a true positive rate of 95%, that would mean that out of 100 people who actually have the disease, 95 of them would be correctly identified by the test.	true positive rate	Explain true positive rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
The true positive rate is the percentage of times a machine learning algorithm correctly identifies a positive example. In other words, it's the number of correct predictions made divided by the total number of actual positives in the data set. This metric is also known as sensitivity or recall.	true positive rate	Explain true positive rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
The True Positive Rate is a measure of how often a test correctly identifies a sick patient as being sick. In other words, it's the percentage of times that when a test says someone has cancer, they actually have cancer. You can think about it like this: Imagine you're in charge of testing all the patients in your town for cancer. Let's say out of 1000 people tested, 990 are healthy and 10 have cancer. Your true positive rate would be 90% because 9/10 (or 90%) of the time when the test says someone has cancer, they do in fact have cancer.	true positive rate	Explain true positive rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
A type 1 error is like a person believing that there is a monster under their bed, when in reality there is not.	type 1 error	Explain type 1 error (machine learning) using an analogy.
Type 1 error is the equivalent of a false positive in medical testing. It occurs when a test indicates that a patient has a disease, when the patient does not actually have the disease.	type 1 error	Explain type 1 error (machine learning) using an analogy.
A type 1 error (or false positive) is analogous to a person who falsely accuses another person of a crime they did not commit.	type 1 error	Explain type 1 error (machine learning) using an analogy.
A type 1 error is like slamming on the brakes of your car when there is no car in front of you.	type 1 error	Explain type 1 error (machine learning) using an analogy.
An example of a type I error in the context of machine learning would be if a predictive model incorrectly predicted that someone with cancer did not have the disease when, in fact, they did.	type 1 error	Explain type 1 error (machine learning) using an analogy.
Type 2 Error is also called as False Negative. It is basically a situation where the algorithm predicts that there is no association between the input variables and the target variable but in reality, there exists an association. In simpler words, it means that we are wrongly predicting that something does not exist when it actually does. An analogy for Type 2 Error would be if you were watching a horror movie and your friend kept telling you 'it's just a movie, there's nothing to be scared of' when in reality there were monsters jumping out from behind doors and lurking in the shadows. Even though your friend was trying to comfort you, their false assurance caused you to miss some of the best scares in the movie!	type 2 error	Explain type 2 error (machine learning) using an analogy.
Type 2 error is like a person who is dieting and goes to a party. They see all of the delicious food that is available, but they decide not to eat any of it because they don’t want to ruin their diet. However, by not eating any of the food at the party, this person misses out on all of the fun and pleasure that comes with enjoying good food. In machine learning, type 2 error occurs when a model predicts an event will not happen when in fact it does happen. This can be due to factors such as inaccurate data or incorrect assumptions made about how the data behaves. As with our analogy, by avoiding events that turn out to be true (e.g., incorrectly predicting cancer will not occur), we may miss out on valuable information or opportunities.	type 2 error	Explain type 2 error (machine learning) using an analogy.
A type 2 error is like when you are playing a game of darts and you throw your dart at the board and it lands in the middle of the bulls eye, but instead of getting a point for your score, the referee says that you missed.	type 2 error	Explain type 2 error (machine learning) using an analogy.
Type 2 error is like getting a parking ticket. You were trying to park your car in a spot that was allowed, but you got a ticket anyway because the police officer who wrote it up was nearby and saw you. In machine learning, type 2 error means you incorrectly predict something that is not actually happening (like predicting someone will commit a crime when they actually don’t).	type 2 error	Explain type 2 error (machine learning) using an analogy.
Type 2 error is equivalent to a false negative. It's basically when you think something isn't true, but it actually is. In the context of machine learning, it would be like your algorithm incorrectly classifying an object as not belonging to a certain category when in fact it does.	type 2 error	Explain type 2 error (machine learning) using an analogy.
Underfitting is like having a very small net when you are fishing. The net will not be able to catch many fish, but the ones it does catch will be big.	underfitting	Explain underfitting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Underfitting is like trying to fit a square peg into a round hole. The machine learning algorithm is not able to find the best fit for the data and ends up with a model that doesn't accurately represent the data.	underfitting	Explain underfitting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Underfitting is when a machine learning algorithm does not learn the underlying trend of the data. This happens when the feature set or complexity of the model is too small relative to the number of observations. Underfitting can be thought of as trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. The algorithm has enough information to find some semblance of a solution, but it's not hitting the target accurately.	underfitting	Explain underfitting (machine learning) using an analogy.
A human is trying to learn how to ride a bike by watching someone else do it. They are able to replicate the motion of the person on the bike very closely, but they are not able to balance themselves and they fall off every time. This is analogous to an machine learning algorithm that is able to replicate the features of input data very closely, but cannot generalize or make predictions about new data.	underfitting	Explain underfitting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Underfitting is like a bike with training wheels. The machine learning algorithm has not been taught how to fit the data perfectly, so it wobbles and does not perform well.	underfitting	Explain underfitting (machine learning) using an analogy.
The universal approximation theorem states that every continuous function can be approximated by a polynomial function with sufficiently many terms. In other words, given enough data points, you can find a curve that closely matches the original data. This is analogous to the way that a machine learning algorithm can learn to approximate any arbitrary curve by using enough training data.	universal approximation theorem	Explain universal approximation theorem (machine learning) using an analogy.
The universal approximation theorem states that a feedforward neural network with enough layers can approximate any function. This theorem can be thought of as saying that a deep neural network can learn to do anything that is computable.	universal approximation theorem	Explain universal approximation theorem (machine learning) using an analogy.
The theorem states that any function can be approximated by a polynomial function. In other words, given enough data points, a computer can learn to predict new data points within a certain margin of error by modeling them as a curve drawn through those points. This is similar to how people can learn to approximate new data (such as someone's weight) based on past observations (such as their previous weights).	universal approximation theorem	Explain universal approximation theorem (machine learning) using an analogy.
The theorem states that every continuous function can be approximated by a polynomial function over a certain interval. We can think of the theorem as stating that there is a "best" polynomial function to approximate a given continuous function over a given interval. This best polynomial is unique up to scaling (i.e., multiplying all its coefficients by some positive number does not change its approximation quality).	universal approximation theorem	Explain universal approximation theorem (machine learning) using an analogy.
The Universal Approximation Theorem states that every continuous function can be approximated by a polynomial function with sufficiently many degrees of freedom. In other words, any complex task that a computer might need to learn can be broken down into a set of simpler tasks which can be learned by a machine using a polynomial-time algorithm.	universal approximation theorem	Explain universal approximation theorem (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like how a child learns. A child doesn't learn by being told what to do, they learn by exploring their environment and observing the things around them. Machine learning algorithms are also given access to data (the environment), and they "learn" by trying different methods of analyzing the data until they find one that works best.	unsupervised learning	Explain unsupervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
The best way to think of unsupervised learning is as a kind of “machine intelligence” that can automatically identify patterns and relationships in data. It does this without any prior knowledge or training about what to look for. This makes it especially useful for analyzing large datasets where humans might not be able to find anything interesting on their own.	unsupervised learning	Explain unsupervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Unsupervised machine learning is like being in a foreign country where you don't know the language. You are given a lot of text in that language, and you have to try to learn the grammar and structure of the language from just the text. This is similar to how unsupervised machine learning works - it takes data (in this case, text) and tries to figure out the underlying structure without any help from humans.	unsupervised learning	Explain unsupervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are learning to play tennis, you would be engaging in unsupervised learning. You would be observing how different techniques and tactics result in different outcomes, with the aim of being able to reproduce the successful ones yourself. In supervised learning, someone else (a coach) is providing feedback on your performances - telling you what works and what doesn't work.	unsupervised learning	Explain unsupervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Unsupervised learning is like a baby learning to walk. The baby is not given any instructions on how to walk, but instead observes and learns from the world around them. As they observe people walking around, the baby begins to imitate what they see. Eventually, the baby is able to walk without any guidance.	unsupervised learning	Explain unsupervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A validation set is a group of data points that are used to test the accuracy of a machine learning model. It is separate from the training set, which is used to train the model. The validation set helps to ensure that the machine learning model is accurate and can be relied on for predictions.	validation set	Explain validation set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A validation set is like a group of people who help test a new product before it's released to the public. They try out the product and give feedback about what works well and what could be improved. The validation set helps make sure that the product is ready for release and meets consumer expectations.	validation set	Explain validation set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A validation set is like a group of people who test whether a new product works properly. They are not part of the original group that created the product, but they are used to help determine whether the product meets its goals.	validation set	Explain validation set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A validation set is like a group of people who help test a new product before it is released to the general public. The validation set offers feedback on how well the product works and provides suggestions for improvement. In machine learning, the validation set is used to assess the accuracy of a model and to determine its stability.	validation set	Explain validation set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A validation set is a group of data points that are used to determine how accurate a machine learning algorithm is. It is usually separate from the training set, which is used to teach the machine learning algorithm how to make predictions. The validation set helps us figure out how well our machine learning algorithm will perform on new data that it has never seen before.	validation set	Explain validation set (machine learning) using an analogy.
Variance is a measure of how spread out a set of data points are. It can be thought of as the average distance between each data point and the mean (average) of the data set.	variance	Explain variance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Variance is like the difference between apples and oranges. It’s a way to measure how spread out a set of data points are. This can be helpful for understanding how well your machine learning model is performing, and whether it needs to be tuned or adjusted.	variance	Explain variance (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way of thinking about variance is in terms of a deck of cards. The higher the variance, the more unevenly the cards are spread out. This makes it harder to predict which card will come up next, since there’s no pattern to follow. In machine learning, high variance means that the algorithm has difficulty distinguishing between different training data points. As a result, it produces inaccurate predictions for new data sets.	variance	Explain variance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Variance is like a group of kids at a playground. Some kids are really short, some kids are really tall, and most kids are somewhere in between. The variance is a measure of how spread out the heights of the kids are. If all the kids were the same height, there would be no variance. If every kid were different height, there would be high variance.	variance	Explain variance (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for variance is the difference in height between a person's parents. A person's height may be very similar to their parent's height, but there will likely be some variation (due to genetic and environmental factors). The variance is a measure of how dispersed the measurements are around the mean.	variance	Explain variance (machine learning) using an analogy.
A/B testing is like flipping a coin to see whether it will come up heads or tails. You might test two different versions of your website, for example, by randomly assigning half of your visitors to see one version and the other half to see the other. By tracking how many people click on each version’s links, you can figure out which one works better.	a/b testing	Explain a/b testing (machine learning) using an analogy.
A/B testing is a process of comparing two different versions of something to see which one performs better. For example, you might want to test two different designs for a new website to see which one gets more visitors. You can also use A/B testing to compare the effectiveness of different marketing campaigns.	a/b testing	Explain a/b testing (machine learning) using an analogy.
A/B testing is like a science experiment. You have two different versions of something (in this case, a website), and you want to know which one people prefer. You test them both out on a small group of people and see which one gets more likes, clicks, or purchases. Then you can use the results to decide which version to use for everyone.	a/b testing	Explain a/b testing (machine learning) using an analogy.
A/B testing is like a scientist experimenting with two different substances in order to see which one has the desired effect. The scientist will have a hypothesis about how each substance will affect the outcome, and then test them against each other to see which one is more effective.	a/b testing	Explain a/b testing (machine learning) using an analogy.
A/b testing is like a science experiment. You have two groups of things (in this case, users), and you want to see if one thing affects the other. In order to do this, you need to control for as many variables as possible. For example, you might want to know if adding a picture affects how people vote on an issue. To do this, you would give half of your test group a picture and keep the other half without pictures. Then, you would compare how each group voted. By doing this, you can be sure that any difference in voting rates is due only to the addition of the picture and not some other confounding variable	a/b testing	Explain a/b testing (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for machine learning would be a person being able to learn how to drive a car. The first time they drive, they may not know how to do it and will likely make a lot of mistakes. However, over time and with practice, they will get better and better at driving until eventually they can do it without much effort. This is similar to what happens with machines when they are taught how to do specific tasks using machine learning algorithms.	action	Explain action (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for machine learning is that it is like a child’s education. A baby does not learn from scratch when it is born. Instead, it builds on what it has learned in the past and uses that knowledge to grow and develop. In a similar way, machine learning algorithms use data from the past to learn how to predict future events.	action	Explain action (machine learning) using an analogy.
Action (machine learning) can be thought of as the process of teaching a computer how to do something. For example, you might want to teach your computer how to recognize different types of flowers. You would start by showing it pictures of flowers and telling it what type each one is. Then, over time, the computer will learn how to identify different types of flowers on its own, without needing you to tell it what they are.	action	Explain action (machine learning) using an analogy.
Action (machine learning) is a bit like teaching a young child how to do something. At first, they may not be able to do it at all. But if you keep teaching them and showing them what to do, they will gradually learn how to do it themselves.	action	Explain action (machine learning) using an analogy.
Action (machine learning) is like a human baby. At first, the baby doesn't know how to do anything. But as it learns and experiences more, it gradually starts to figure out things on its own - like how to crawl, walk and talk. In the same way, machine learning algorithms start off with no knowledge of anything. But through experience (i.e., being exposed to lots of data), they gradually learn how to perform specific tasks, such as identifying objects in pictures or predicting housing prices	action	Explain action (machine learning) using an analogy.
An activation function is like a staircase. It takes input from a neuron and spits out an output that is either high or low. The stairs have different heights, which means the output will be different depending on how much input the neuron gets.	activation function	Explain activation function (machine learning) using an analogy.
An activation function is a mathematical function that takes in an input and outputs a number between 0 and 1. This number represents the likelihood that the neuron will fire.	activation function	Explain activation function (machine learning) using an analogy.
An activation function is like a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer decides who gets in and who doesn't. An activation function in machine learning works the same way. It decides whether or not an input data point is allowed to pass into the next layer of the network.	activation function	Explain activation function (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy is that the activation function is like a bouncer at a club. The bouncer decides who gets in and who doesn't. The activation function decides which neurons fire and which ones don't.	activation function	Explain activation function (machine learning) using an analogy.
The activation function is like the volume knob on a stereo. It determines how much power goes to each speaker. The higher the setting, the more power that goes to the speakers and the louder they will be.	activation function	Explain activation function (machine learning) using an analogy.
Active learning is like a child who is constantly asking questions. The child is always trying to learn more and understand the world around them. Active learning algorithms are similar in that they are always trying to learn more and improve their understanding of the data.	active learning	Explain active learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Active learning is like a student in school. The student is not just sitting in class and taking notes the whole time. The student is also doing homework, asking questions in class, and studying outside of class. Active learning helps the student learn more and retain information longer.	active learning	Explain active learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Active learning is like a child who is constantly asking questions. The child is always engaged and learning more than if they were just listening to a lecture. With machine learning, the computer system is also constantly engaging with the data, trying to learn more and make predictions.	active learning	Explain active learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Active learning is a method of machine learning where the computer system is "fed" with example data and then gradually taught to recognize patterns in that data. The advantage of using active learning instead of traditional machine-learning methods is that it requires far fewer examples to learn from, making the process faster and more efficient. An analogy for active learning might be a person being given several dozen pictures of different animals, and then being asked to identify which ones are lions. After looking at a few images, the person would probably be able to accurately identify most (if not all) of the lions in the set. This same idea can be applied to computers: by providing them with specific examples (or “training data”), they can be taught how to find patterns on their own, without requiring a pre-determined list of what those patterns should look like.	active learning	Explain active learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Active learning is similar to how humans learn. We are constantly observing and then trying to understand the world around us. With active learning, a machine also observes data but is given some help in understanding what it means. For example, if you wanted to teach a computer how to identify pictures of cats, you would first give it a lot of images that have already been labeled as 'cat.' The computer would then be able to look at new images and try to identify them as cats based on the examples it was given.	active learning	Explain active learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Adagrad is a machine learning algorithm that uses an adaptive learning rate. This means that thelearning rate changes depending on how well the model is doing. If the model is doing poorly, then thelearning rate will increase so that the model can learn more quickly. If the model is doing well, then thelearning rate will decrease so that the model does not overfit to the data.	adagrad	Explain adagrad (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are learning to drive a car. At first, you need someone sitting next to you giving detailed instructions on what to do and when. After a while, you can start driving around town by yourself (but still need occasional check-ins with your instructor). Eventually, you can drive anywhere without help.This is analogous to how machine learning works: starting with lots of hand-holding from a human instructor (i.e., training data), the machine eventually learns how to generalize and operate independently (by itself) after enough practice.	adagrad	Explain adagrad (machine learning) using an analogy.
Adagrad is a machine learning algorithm that uses a decaying average of past gradients to compute the gradient for each layer in a deep neural network. This helps prevent the accumulation of gradients in high-variance layers, and thereby reduces overfitting.	adagrad	Explain adagrad (machine learning) using an analogy.
Adagrad is a machine learning algorithm that uses a gradient descent approach to minimize the error of prediction. It adjusts its learning rate for every parameter according to the history of errors in order to reduce the variance of the updates. This makes it more efficient than traditional gradient descent, which can be slowed down by high variance.	adagrad	Explain adagrad (machine learning) using an analogy.
Adagrad is like a sliding scale that automatically adjusts how much weight is given to each individual piece of data as it is being processed by a machine learning algorithm. This allows the algorithm to focus more on recent data, which is often more important for accurately predicting future events.	adagrad	Explain adagrad (machine learning) using an analogy.
In computer science, an agent is a software system that interacts with its environment to achieve some goal. The term can also be used to refer to the study of such systems. To put it simply, you can think of agents as being like little robots that go out into the world and do stuff on your behalf. They learn from their surroundings and figure out what actions will lead them closer to achieving their goals.	agent	Explain agent (machine learning) using an analogy.
An agent is like a personal assistant. It can be trained to do specific tasks and then it will help you with those tasks automatically.	agent	Explain agent (machine learning) using an analogy.
An agent is a computer program that can learn from experience and make decisions accordingly. It's a bit like a personal assistant, who constantly monitors your schedule and plans each day accordingly. The agent will keep track of what you've done in the past, what you're currently doing, and what you have scheduled for the future in order to come up with the best possible course of action.	agent	Explain agent (machine learning) using an analogy.
An agent is a computer program that can learn how to do things on its own by observing examples. It's like a tiny person inside your computer who can watch videos of people doing stuff on the internet and then figure out how to do it themselves.	agent	Explain agent (machine learning) using an analogy.
A person who is an agent is someone who can act on behalf of another person or group. In the context of machine learning, an agent is a computer program that can make decisions on its own based on data it has been given.	agent	Explain agent (machine learning) using an analogy.
Agglomerative clustering is a machine learning technique used to group objects together. The objects are first divided into two groups, and then the two groups are merged together until there is only one group left. The process of merging the two groups is like puzzle pieces fitting together.	agglomerative clustering	Explain agglomerative clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Agglomerative clustering can be thought of as a process of gradually discovering similarities between objects, and grouping them together accordingly. This analogy might help to understand how agglomerative clustering works:  imagine you are at a party with a lot of people in attendance. At first, you may not know many people there, and they all just seem like random faces in the crowd. Over time, however, you will start to notice that some people are standing closer together than others, and that those groups of people seem to have something in common (perhaps they all know each other already). As the night goes on, you will continue to observe these clusters forming among the guests, until eventually everyone is sorted into their own little cliques.	agglomerative clustering	Explain agglomerative clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Agglomerative clustering is like sorting a pile of mixed-up candy into different groups. At first, the candies are all jumbled together. But as you sort them by color, they gradually become more organized until you have several piles of different colors.	agglomerative clustering	Explain agglomerative clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Agglomerative clustering is a technique used for grouping data points into clusters. It works by starting with all of the data points being in their own cluster. Then, it merges two clusters together if the distance between the two clusters’ centroids is lower than the distance between any data point in one cluster and any data point in the other cluster. This process is repeated until there are no more mergeable clusters.	agglomerative clustering	Explain agglomerative clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Agglomerative clustering is a machine learning technique that can be used to group a set of objects into clusters. It works by starting with all the objects as individual clusters, and then gradually combining clusters together until there are only a few remaining clusters. The benefit of this approach is that it can produce more accurate results than other techniques, such as K-means clustering.	agglomerative clustering	Explain agglomerative clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Anomaly detection is like a security guard at a door. The security guard is looking for people who are not supposed to be in the building. They are the anomalies.	anomaly detection	Explain anomaly detection (machine learning) using an analogy.
Anomaly detection is like a security guard watching for people who are not supposed to be in a building. If the security guard sees someone who is not supposed to be there, they will report it as an anomaly.	anomaly detection	Explain anomaly detection (machine learning) using an analogy.
Anomaly detection is similar to trying to find a needle in a haystack. The goal is to identify items that do not belong, or are different from the rest of the data. This can be done using machine learning algorithms, which can identify patterns in data and then flag any items that do not match those patterns.	anomaly detection	Explain anomaly detection (machine learning) using an analogy.
Anomaly detection is like when you are looking for a specific item in a store, but instead of looking for the specific item that you want, you are looking for anything that doesn't look like everything else in the store. So if you're looking for a specific shirt, and you see someone walking around with a shirt that's different than all the other shirts in the store, then they would be an anomaly.	anomaly detection	Explain anomaly detection (machine learning) using an analogy.
Anomaly detection is like a security guard watching a casino floor. If someone starts stealing money from the casinos, the security guard will notice and take appropriate action. Anomaly detection algorithms work in much the same way by identifying unusual patterns or events (theft) in data sets.	anomaly detection	Explain anomaly detection (machine learning) using an analogy.
My favorite analogy for ar is that of a musician. Just as a musician practices scales and chords to improve their playing, an ar algorithm trains on data to improve its predictions. The more data the algorithm has seen, the better it becomes at predicting outcomes.	ar	Explain ar (machine learning) using an analogy.
Ar is machine learning is like a set of train tracks. The rails are fixed, but the train can go anywhere along them by following the instructions provided. Ar works in a similar way: it learns how to do something by being told what to do and then doing it over and over again.	ar	Explain ar (machine learning) using an analogy.
Ar (machine learning) is like a fitness coach. It observes your behavior and provides feedback to help you improve over time.	ar	Explain ar (machine learning) using an analogy.
Ar is like a computer that is constantly learning by example. Every time it sees a new situation, it tries to find a pattern in the data and then figures out how to best predict what will happen next. It can get better and better at predicting outcomes over time, as long as it keeps getting new examples to learn from.	ar	Explain ar (machine learning) using an analogy.
Ar (machine learning) is like a fitness coach. It observes your workout routine and makes suggestions on how you can improve.	ar	Explain ar (machine learning) using an analogy.
The area under the pr curve is analogous to the total amount of rainfall over a certain time period. The pr curve represents the probability that a particular observation will be less than or equal to a given value. Just as with rainfall, it is important to consider both the magnitude and duration of the event when assessing how much "rain" has fallen. In other words, while a single large storm might generate more precipitation than several smaller storms, the total accumulation from all storms would be greater if they occurred over a longer period of time.	area under the pr curve	Explain area under the pr curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
One can think of the area under a pr curve as indicative of how confident we are in our prediction. The greater the area, the more confident we are in our prediction. We might visualize this as being akin to shading in an entire region beneath the curve, indicating that we believe our prediction is correct for all points within that region.	area under the pr curve	Explain area under the pr curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
Area under the pr curve would be analogous to a football team's offensive efficiency. The area would indicate how many points the team scores on average for every play run (point per race).	area under the pr curve	Explain area under the pr curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm is like a car. The area under the pr curve tells you how efficient the car is at covering distance (in this analogy, predicting correctly). The further to the right the curve, the more efficient the car.	area under the pr curve	Explain area under the pr curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
An area under a curve is like the average speed of something over time. Imagine you are in a car driving down the highway and your speedometer shows that your car is traveling at 80 miles per hour. Over the course of an hour, you will have traveled 800 miles (80 mph x 10 hours). If we divide 800 by 10, we get 80, which is our average speed for the entire journey. This is similar to what the area under a pr curve represents in machine learning--the average accuracy of a prediction over many repeated trials	area under the pr curve	Explain area under the pr curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
The area under the roc curve is like a speedometer. It tells you how fast your car is going. The higher the number, the faster your car is going.	area under the roc curve	Explain area under the roc curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
The area under the curve is a measure of how confident we are in our prediction. The higher the area, the more confident we are that our prediction is correct. We can think of it as similar to a confidence interval, which measures how likely it is that a certain value falls within a given range.	area under the roc curve	Explain area under the roc curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
The area under the roc curve is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm can distinguish between two classes of objects. It can be thought of as an estimate of how often the algorithm will be able to correctly identify which class an object belongs to, given that it has been randomly sampled from one or the other class.	area under the roc curve	Explain area under the roc curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
A good way to understand the area under a Roc curve is to think of it as similar to how a human judges whether or not something is likely to happen. Imagine you are at a casino and want to know if you should place a bet on blackjack. You might watch someone else playing for a while, looking at the percentage of times they win when they bet on blackjack. After watching for awhile, you might get an idea about what the probability is that blackjack will be drawn from the deck- in other words, the Roc curve.	area under the roc curve	Explain area under the roc curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
The area under the roc curve is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm can discriminate between two classes of data. It is analogous to the accuracy of a human judge in separating two groups of people.	area under the roc curve	Explain area under the roc curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of artificial general intelligence is as a computer program that can learn on its own, by extracting knowledge and information from data sets. It’s sort of like how humans learn – we start with basic facts, and then build upon them by learning new things and connecting the dots. An AI system can do something similar, by analyzing data sets for patterns and drawing conclusions about how different factors are related.	artificial general intelligence	Explain artificial general intelligence (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of the human brain as a computer, then artificial intelligence would be like a program that can learn to do things on its own. It does this by analyzing data and trying different actions until it finds one that works.	artificial general intelligence	Explain artificial general intelligence (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for artificial general intelligence (machine learning) would be to say that it is like a human’s brain. The human brain can learn and process new information, and can also apply past knowledge to new situations. This is what machine learning does – it takes in data, learns from it, and then applies that learning to future tasks or scenarios.	artificial general intelligence	Explain artificial general intelligence (machine learning) using an analogy.
Artificial general intelligence is like a human brain. It can learn and understand new things, and it can make connections between different pieces of information.	artificial general intelligence	Explain artificial general intelligence (machine learning) using an analogy.
Artificial general intelligence is like a human mind. It can learn on its own and make decisions.	artificial general intelligence	Explain artificial general intelligence (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you're a farmer, and you want to know whether it will rain tomorrow. You could go outside and check the weather forecast, or you could ask one of your friends who is good with weather predictions. But what if you don't have any friends who can help? You could try to predict the weather yourself by looking at past data, but that would be really hard. It would be a lot easier to just ask somebody else!That's basically what artificial intelligence (AI) is doing: asking somebody else for help. Instead of trying to figure out things on our own, we use AI to learn from examples and feedback from other people or machines. This makes it possible for us to do things like recognize objects in photos or understand human speech.	artificial intelligence	Explain artificial intelligence (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you're learning how to drive, you start by following someone else around. Eventually, you learn the rules of the road and can drive on your own. Artificial intelligence is like that—it's a program that learns by example. It starts off doing what it's told, but over time it builds up a library of knowledge and gets better at performing tasks on its own.	artificial intelligence	Explain artificial intelligence (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of artificial intelligence as a human’s brain, then machine learning would be the process of gradually teaching that brain how to do new things. Just like we learn through practice and experience, AI learns in a similar way by analyzing data and identifying patterns. With enough training, it can eventually learn to perform complex tasks on its own.	artificial intelligence	Explain artificial intelligence (machine learning) using an analogy.
In a nutshell, AI is like having a really smart person helping you out with everything. If you're trying to learn how to play the guitar, for example, your AI tutor could help by listening to your practice sessions and then pointing out which techniques you're struggling with and need more work on.	artificial intelligence	Explain artificial intelligence (machine learning) using an analogy.
Artificial intelligence (machine learning) is like a child that is constantly learning. The child starts by not knowing anything, but over time they learn more and more through experience. machine learning works in a similar way. It uses algorithms to analyze data, and then it gets better at analyzing data as it receives more information.	artificial intelligence	Explain artificial intelligence (machine learning) using an analogy.
Attention is a bit like a spotlight. It helps to focus on specific things that are important while ignoring other things.	attention	Explain attention (machine learning) using an analogy.
Attention is the process of focusing on specific aspects of your environment while ignoring others. It can be thought of as a machine learning technique that allows a system to learn what is important to you and focus on those things specifically.	attention	Explain attention (machine learning) using an analogy.
Attention is a bit like tuning in to a specific channel on the TV. You focus your attention on one thing and tune out the rest. This is what allows machines to learn selectively from data.	attention	Explain attention (machine learning) using an analogy.
Attention is a bit like the zoom function on a camera. It allows you to focus in on a particular part of the image to get a better look. Attention works in much the same way for machine learning algorithms – it helps them to focus in on specific parts of the data so they can learn more about them.	attention	Explain attention (machine learning) using an analogy.
Attention is the process of selecting relevant information from a large set of data. It is similar to how a person focuses on a particular conversation in a noisy room or pays attention to one task while ignoring others. In machine learning, attention is used to focus on specific parts of an image or text so that they can be analyzed more accurately.	attention	Explain attention (machine learning) using an analogy.
AUC is the area under a curve which corresponds to how often a randomly chosen positive example is greater than a randomly chosen negative example. The AUC measures how well a model can distinguish between positives and negatives in order to predict whether an input belongs to one class or another. It can be interpreted as the probability that the model will rank a randomly chosen positive example higher than a randomly chosen negative example.	auc (area under the roc curve)	Explain auc (area under the roc curve) (machine learning) using an analogy.
An area under the roc curve is much like an average. Imagine you have a group of people and you want to know their average height. You would get everyone's height, find the sum of all the heights, and then divide by how many people there are. This would give you the average height for your group. The same thing can be done with learning algorithms - we can calculate the average precision (or recall) across a bunch of different test sets in order to find out which algorithm is most accurate overall.	auc (area under the roc curve)	Explain auc (area under the roc curve) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Auc is the mathematical equivalent of a golf score. It measures how well you have done on a particular hole, in relation to all other golfers. The lower your Auc score, the better you have done.	auc (area under the roc curve)	Explain auc (area under the roc curve) (machine learning) using an analogy.
AUC is the area under the ROC curve. It can be thought of as a measure of how well a classifier distinguishes between positive and negative examples. The higher the AUC, the better the classifier.	auc (area under the roc curve)	Explain auc (area under the roc curve) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Auc is the area under the roc curve. This measures how well a machine learning algorithm distinguishes between two groups.Imagine you have a test that can correctly identify whether someone has cancer or not 90% of the time. Now imagine you want to know how accurate this test is at differentiating between people who do and don't have cancer. You could plot a graph with accuracy on one axis and group size on the other. The blue line in this graph would be the roc curve and it would show how well our test performs at identifying cancer patients (true positives) versus healthy patients (false negatives). The point where the blue line crosses over the orange line is called the 'auc'. This measures how accurately our test can distinguish between people with and without cancer, using a scale from 0 to 1	auc (area under the roc curve)	Explain auc (area under the roc curve) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Augmented reality can be thought of as a digital assistant that is always there to help you. It remembers what you like and makes recommendations accordingly. For example, if you order coffee every day from the same café, augmented reality will learn your preference and start suggesting coffee from that café as a recommended option.	augmented reality	Explain augmented reality (machine learning) using an analogy.
Augmented reality is like a teacher that is always there to help you learn. The teacher can explain things in more detail, give examples, and answer any questions that you may have.	augmented reality	Explain augmented reality (machine learning) using an analogy.
Augmented reality can be thought of as a technology that helps us to better understand the world around us. It does this by combining information from the physical world with data from digital sources. This combination of information creates a more complete and accurate picture of our surroundings.Machine learning can also be thought of in this way. Machine learning takes data from different sources and combines it to create a more complete and accurate picture of what is happening. This allows machines to learn and improve over time, just like we do.	augmented reality	Explain augmented reality (machine learning) using an analogy.
Augmented reality is like a teacher that helps you learn. The teacher knows more than you do and can help guide you in the right direction. The teacher also has access to resources that can help you learn even better.	augmented reality	Explain augmented reality (machine learning) using an analogy.
Augmented reality (AR) is a technology that superimposes digital information onto a user's view of the real world, usually by way of a mobile device. AR can be used to display text or graphics over what a user sees through the camera lens on their device, as well as tracking the location and orientation of objects in the real world. This allows users to interact with virtual content overlaid on top of their surroundings.An analogy for augmented reality would be if you could take pictures and videos with your eyes closed and then open them later to see what it looked like with your friends or family added into the scene.	augmented reality	Explain augmented reality (machine learning) using an analogy.
Humans are biased. We often make decisions based on our personal biases, experiences, and emotions. Automation bias is a type of cognitive bias that occurs when people place too much trust in machines to make decisions for them. This can happen with machine learning algorithms, which are designed to learn and improve over time by analyzing data. People may begin to rely on the recommendations of the algorithm without questioning or verifying its accuracy. As a result, they may end up making poor decisions because the algorithm is not always correct.	automation bias	Explain automation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about automation bias is as a computer program that has been “trained” on a set of data. The computer is looking for patterns in the data and trying to learn how best to predict future events. Once it has learned these patterns, it will start automatically predicting outcomes for new data it is given, without any human input. This can sometimes lead to inaccurate predictions, especially if the computer program is not “smart” enough to account for all of the complexities of the real world.	automation bias	Explain automation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Automation bias is like when you're driving and you start to rely on your car's GPS to make all the turns. You stop paying attention to the road and before you know it, you've driven right past your turn. With machine learning, we are starting to rely on machines to make decisions for us instead of our own judgement. This can be dangerous because we may not be able to understand how or why the machine made a certain decision.	automation bias	Explain automation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Automation bias is a term used in machine learning to describe the tendency of machines to learn how to do things better than humans. This occurs because machines can process more data more quickly than humans, and as a result, they are less likely to make mistakes.	automation bias	Explain automation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Analogy: When you are first learning how to drive a car, it is very important that you focus on every step of the process. As you become more experienced, you can begin to relax a bit and focus less on individual steps, knowing that they will be done correctly thanks to your driving skills. This is similar to what happens with machine learning algorithms- as they “learn” from data, they can become better at performing specific tasks without needing humans to micromanage their every move.	automation bias	Explain automation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
The average precision of a machine learning algorithm is the mean of all its precision scores for every class it predicted. It can be thought of as the percentage of predictions that were correct, out of all the predictions made by the algorithm.	average precision	Explain average precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for average precision is to imagine you are a judge at a spelling bee. You are given a list of words and, after each word, you are asked to indicate how many of the other spellers in the room also spelled that word correctly. After all the words have been pronounced, you would then calculate the average precision by dividing the total number of spellers who got each word right by the total number of spellers in attendance.	average precision	Explain average precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
In statistics, the average precision (AP) is a measure of the performance of a classification system. It is computed by averaging the precision values obtained for all classes. The AP measures how well a classifier performs across all its predicting categories.	average precision	Explain average precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
The average precision of a machine learning algorithm is the percentage of predictions that are correct across all categories. It can be thought of as the accuracy of a machine learning algorithm on average.	average precision	Explain average precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
The average precision of a machine learning algorithm is the average number of relevant items that it correctly identifies out of all the relevant items that it predicts. It can be thought of as a measure of how well the algorithm performs on predicting what is important.	average precision	Explain average precision (machine learning) using an analogy.
Backpropagation is the machine learning process of teaching a computer how to learn from data. It works by having the computer learn one layer of information at a time. The computer starts by learning simple things, like individual numbers. Once it can understand these basic concepts, it can start learning more complex things, like sums and averages. Finally, it can learn how to put all of this information together to do things like solve equations or recognize pictures.	backpropagation	Explain backpropagation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Backpropagation is like teaching a child to read. First, you show them the alphabet and how to put letters together to form words. Then, you have them read simple sentences. After they are comfortable with that, you move on to more difficult passages. Backpropagation works in a similar way: it starts with basic concepts and then builds upon them until the learner is able to understand more complex ideas.	backpropagation	Explain backpropagation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Backpropagation is like teaching a child. First, you give the child a basic understanding of something (like addition). Then, you give the child examples of how to use addition (like 5 + 3). After that, you ask the child to solve some problems using addition (like 8 + 4). Finally, you check the child's work and provide feedback.	backpropagation	Explain backpropagation (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy would be teaching a child how to read. In the beginning, you model the alphabet for the child and show them how each letter is represented by a sound. You then help the child connect these letters together to form words. Once they are able to read simple words, you start giving them books with more complex stories. With every book they read, you help them analyze what they did well and where they made mistakes so that they can learn from their mistakes and get better at reading. This same process is used in machine learning algorithms like backpropagation - we first teach the algorithm what it needs to know (like recognizing different images), then we give it data to learn from (like pictures of animals), and finally we use this data to evaluate how well it has learned (by seeing if it can correctly identify animals in new pictures).	backpropagation	Explain backpropagation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Backpropagation is a process that allows machines to learn how to do things like identify objects in pictures or understand natural language. It does this by allowing the machine to “adjust” its calculations, after it has already performed them, based on feedback from a “teacher”. This adjustment process happens gradually, as the machine works through successive layers of information. The final outcome is that the machine can more accurately learn how to complete tasks it was not originally programmed to do.An analogy for backpropagation might be a child learning how to ride a bike without training wheels. Initially, the child may wobble and fall off frequently. But with time and patience (and some helpful instruction from an adult), they will slowly learn how to balance themselves and stay upright on their bike. Backpropagation works in much the same way: by providing feedback (the adult helping the child), the machine learning algorithm can adjust its calculations until it achieves better results.	backpropagation	Explain backpropagation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bag of words is a machine learning technique that extracts features from text data. It works by breaking down the text into individual words and then assigning a numerical value to each word based on its frequency in the dataset. This approach allows you to train your machine learning algorithm on a large number of text documents without having to worry about constructing complex feature vectors.	bag of words	Explain bag of words (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bag of words is a technique used in machine learning to describe documents. It works by breaking down a document into individual words and then storing them in a vector space. This allows the algorithm to identify patterns in the data without having to know anything about the structure of the document.	bag of words	Explain bag of words (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bag of words is a data structure that stores a set of documents, where each document is represented as a list of word frequencies. This allows us to calculate the relevance of any given word within a document, as well as the overall relevance of any given document, using something called vector space modeling.	bag of words	Explain bag of words (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bag of words is like a grocery bag. It stores all the items that you have bought. The bag of words algorithm works in a similar way. It takes all the words in a text and stores them together. This makes it easier to analyze and understand the text.	bag of words	Explain bag of words (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bag of words is a data structure that represents a document as a collection of word frequencies. It can be used for machine learning tasks such as text classification and sentiment analysis.	bag of words	Explain bag of words (machine learning) using an analogy.
A baseline in machine learning is similar to a foundation in architecture. It is the first and most important step in constructing something larger and more complex. The baseline provides a stable starting point on which to build further knowledge or understanding.	baseline	Explain baseline (machine learning) using an analogy.
A baseline is a set of data against which new data can be compared in order to determine how much it differs. In machine learning, the baseline is used to establish how well a particular algorithm or model performs on previously unseen data. This allows for comparisons between different algorithms and models, as well as with the original baseline.	baseline	Explain baseline (machine learning) using an analogy.
Baseline is like the frame of a house. It's what everything else is built on top of.	baseline	Explain baseline (machine learning) using an analogy.
Baseline is like a teacher. The teacher sets the expectations and helps the students learn what they need to know in order to be successful. In machine learning, the baseline is used to set the expectations for how well a machine should be able to perform a task.	baseline	Explain baseline (machine learning) using an analogy.
A baseline in machine learning is like a foundation for a house. It is the starting point and provides a stable base on which to build more complex features and models. Without it, the structure would be unstable and likely collapse.	baseline	Explain baseline (machine learning) using an analogy.
A batch is like a load of laundry. You put all your clothes in the washer, add soap and water, set it to the desired cycle, and press start. The machine will then go through its process - agitating the clothes, spinning them round and round, and finally draining out the dirty water - until they come out clean on the other end.	batch	Explain batch (machine learning) using an analogy.
Batch machine learning is similar to the way your washing machine cleans your clothes. The washing machine collects a lot of dirty clothes, washes them all together, and then dries them. Batch machine learning works in a similar way. It takes a large set of data (the dirty clothes), processes it all together, and then outputs the results.	batch	Explain batch (machine learning) using an analogy.
Batch learning is like making a cake. You combine all the ingredients in one bowl, mix them together, and put the mixture in the oven. The baking time is long enough that you can't change anything once it's started.	batch	Explain batch (machine learning) using an analogy.
Batch learning can be thought of as similar to the way batches are used in traditional manufacturing. In batch learning, a set of training data is divided into subsets (batches), and each subset is used to train a separate model. The models are then combined to create a final prediction. This approach can improve performance by allowing different models to specialize on different parts of the data.	batch	Explain batch (machine learning) using an analogy.
Batch processing is like cooking a large batch of food all at once. This usually means that you'll have to cook the food for longer, but it's more efficient overall because you're using up less resources (e.g. stove space, oven time, pots and pans). With machine learning, batches allow algorithms to learn from multiple data points simultaneously, which can lead to faster and more accurate results.	batch	Explain batch (machine learning) using an analogy.
Batch normalization is a technique used in machine learning to improve the accuracy of models. It works by standardizing the input data so that all values are within a specific range, which makes it easier for the model to learn and identify patterns. Batch normalization can be compared to adjusting the temperature on a stovetop. By turning up the heat, you make it easier for water to boil; by batch normalizing your data, you make it easier for your machine learning model to learn from and identify patterns.	batch normalization	Explain batch normalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Batch normalization is a technique used in machine learning to reduce the variance of a set of training data. It works by adjusting the values of each datapoint relative to the median and standard deviation of all the data points within its batch. This helps ensure that all neurons are activated equally during training, regardless of the distribution of input data.	batch normalization	Explain batch normalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Batch normalization is a technique that adjusts the values of features in a data set so that they are more consistent with one another. This makes it easier for a machine learning algorithm to learn from the data set, and can improve the accuracy of its predictions.An analogy would be to imagine that you had collected data on the weights of people in your town. However, there was significant variation in these weights - some people were very light, while others were quite heavy. Batch normalization would adjust all of the weights so that they were closer to an average value, making it easier for a machine learning algorithm to find patterns in the data and make predictions about people's weights.	batch normalization	Explain batch normalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Batch normalization is a technique used in machine learning to help reduce the variance of activation values in a neural network. This is achieved by adjusting the input activations so that they are more consistent and therefore easier to learn from. Think of batch normalization as a way of "washing" the data, making it more uniform and thus less variable.	batch normalization	Explain batch normalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you have a room full of people. Some are taller than others, some are shorter than others, and some are in between. If you want to find the average height of everyone in the room, you would first have to measure all of them and then calculate the average. This is like doing a single evaluation on a training dataset.If you want to find the average height of everyone in the room every day, you would first have to measure all of them each day and then calculate the average each time. This is like doing multiple evaluations on a training dataset (one for each day).	batch normalization	Explain batch normalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for batch size is to think of it as the number of pancakes you want to cook at once. If you want to make four pancakes, you need one batter bowl and a griddle that can hold four pancakes. You pour some batter into the pan, wait until it cooks through, flip it over, and then put the next pancake in the pan. The batch size is four pancakes.	batch size	Explain batch size (machine learning) using an analogy.
Batch size is the number of data samples that are used to train a machine learning model. It can be thought of as the "size" of the batch.	batch size	Explain batch size (machine learning) using an analogy.
Batch size is the number of items that are processed at one time by a machine learning algorithm. The batch size can be thought of as the "size" of the data set that is being used to train the machine learning algorithm.	batch size	Explain batch size (machine learning) using an analogy.
Your batch size is like the number of cookies you want to bake at once. It's important because it affects how long your oven needs to preheat and how many cookies you can make in a row before they start cooling down.	batch size	Explain batch size (machine learning) using an analogy.
The batch size is the number of examples that a machine learning algorithm trains on at once. This analogy might help make it more concrete: imagine if you were trying to learn how to ride a bike. If you only tried riding one time, you probably would not be very successful. However, if you practiced every day for a week, your chances of success would be much higher. The same principle applies to machine learning algorithms - if they only train on a few examples at once, they are not likely to learn anything useful. By increasing the number of examples that an algorithm trains on at once (the batch size), we can improve its performance	batch size	Explain batch size (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bayesian neural networks are like a group of people who have each seen a different picture of the same person. They will share their pictures with one another and, based on what they've all seen, try to figure out which picture is most likely to be the real one.	bayesian neural network	Explain bayesian neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bayesian neural network (machine learning) is a bit like having a panel of experts sitting with you, each one with their own area of expertise. You can go to them for advice on any question and they will give you their opinion. In addition, the panel of experts will constantly be learning from each other and refining their opinions as they gain more information. This is basically how a bayesian neural network works – it has a number of nodes (or 'expert' panels), each one specialising in its own area, and the network Learns by adjusting the strength of the connections between these nodes based on feedback from experience.	bayesian neural network	Explain bayesian neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bayesian neural networks are similar to other neural networks in that they are composed of a number of interconnected processing nodes, or neurons. However, Bayesian neural networks also incorporate a probability distribution function which is used to calculate the probability of each input node given the outputs of previous nodes. This allows the network to learn and adapt over time as new data is introduced.	bayesian neural network	Explain bayesian neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bayesian neural network is a machine learning algorithm that can be used to predict the probability of an event occurring, similar to how people use bayes' theorem to calculate the likelihood of something happening. just as humans learn from experience and update their beliefs accordingly, a bayesian neural network does the same, using past data to adjust its predictions for future events.	bayesian neural network	Explain bayesian neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A Bayesian neural network is a lot like a regular neural network, but with one key difference - it incorporates the notion of probability into its calculations. This makes it better at handling uncertain information, which is pretty common in the real world.To understand what this means, let's imagine for a second that we're trying to teach a computer to recognize objects in photos. A regular neural network would take all of the pixels in an image and try to create a mathematical model that can identify each object based on its appearance. A Bayesian neural network, on the other hand, would start by creating a model of all the possible objects in the image, then use probabilities to figure out which of those objects is most likely represented by any given set of pixels.	bayesian neural network	Explain bayesian neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A doctor is trying to find the right dosage of a drug for a patient. She has some information about what doses have been effective in the past, but she can't test every possible combination. Bayesian optimization is like her using that information to come up with a good guess for the right dose without having to test every single one.	bayesian optimization	Explain bayesian optimization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bayesian optimization is like a human learning by trial and error. The algorithm starts with a guess of what might work best, and then tries different solutions to see if any of them are better. It then uses the information it learned from those experiments to make new guesses about what might work even better, and repeats the process until it finds a solution that meets its goal.	bayesian optimization	Explain bayesian optimization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bayesian optimization is like a person who is trying to find the best route from one city to another. The person starts by asking people in the first city for directions to the second city. Then, she takes the advice of the people in the second city about which route is best. She continues this process until she reaches her destination.	bayesian optimization	Explain bayesian optimization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bayesian optimization is a machine learning algorithm that uses Bayes' theorem to calculate the best possible outcome for an objective function. It works by first estimating the probability of each potential solution, then choosing the one with the highest probability. This approach is more efficient than traditional search algorithms, like gradient descent, because it can quickly eliminate solutions that are unlikely to lead to the optimal outcome.	bayesian optimization	Explain bayesian optimization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bayesian optimization is like a treasure hunt. The computer is trying to find the best solution to a problem by exploring many different possibilities. At every step, it uses information about the current solution and the likelihood of each possible next step to choose the best option.	bayesian optimization	Explain bayesian optimization (machine learning) using an analogy.
The bellman equation is a bit like the GPS in your car. It helps to calculate the most efficient route from one point to another, taking into account all of the different potential paths and their associated costs (time, distance, etc.). In machine learning, the bellman equation can be used to find the best sequence of steps for minimizing some overall cost function.	bellman equation	Explain bellman equation (machine learning) using an analogy.
The bellman equation is a mathematical formula used in machine learning that helps optimize decision making. It works by considering the future value of a decision, based on the current state of affairs and what has happened in the past. This helps to ensure that choices made today will result in better outcomes down the road.An analogy for this might be choosing what route to take home from work each day. The bellman equation would consider things like how long it usually takes to get home from work, traffic conditions on different routes, and how likely it is that one route will be faster than another on any given day.	bellman equation	Explain bellman equation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bellman equation is like a map that helps you find your way around an unknown city. The map tells you where you are, where you want to go, and the best route to get there. In the same way, a bellman equation calculates the best path from one point (the current state of the machine learning system) to another (the desired outcome or final state).	bellman equation	Explain bellman equation (machine learning) using an analogy.
The Bellman equation is a mathematical formula used in machine learning that calculates the optimal next step for a decision-making agent, or "machine learner". The equation takes as input the current state of the world and the agent's goal, and outputs the best action to take in order to reach the goal. In other words, it calculates how to get from where you are to where you want to be using only the information available at any given moment.An analogy for this might be imagining yourself driving in a city with no GPS. You know your starting point and your destination, but you don't know what streets will take you there. The Bellman equation is like a magical map that tells you which turns to make so that you always end up at your destination.	bellman equation	Explain bellman equation (machine learning) using an analogy.
The bellman equation is a machine learning algorithm that helps optimize decision making. It can be thought of as a guide for navigating through a maze. The equation calculates the best path to take so that you reach your desired destination.	bellman equation	Explain bellman equation (machine learning) using an analogy.
BERT stands for Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers. It is a machine learning algorithm that can be used to improve the performance of natural language processing tasks. BERT is based on a transformer network, which is a type of neural network that has been shown to be particularly effective for modeling sequence data.	bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers)	Explain bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers) (machine learning) using an analogy.
BERT is a machine learning model that uses deep bidirectional encoder representations from Transformers to learn representation of both the content and context of text. It can be used for natural language processing (NLP) tasks such as question answering, sentiment analysis, and machine translation.	bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers)	Explain bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bert is a machine learning algorithm that enables machines to understand and generate natural language. It does this by using a transformer architecture, which is similar to the way neurons work in the human brain. Bert can be thought of as a computerized babysitter. It will watch how you interact with your child and learn your parenting style. Then, when it is looking after your child for you, it will use what it has learned to act in ways that are consistent with how you would have acted.	bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers)	Explain bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The Bert algorithm is similar to the way a transformer works. Just as with a transformer, Bert takes in electrical current from two separate wires and blends them together into one unified output. The difference is that Bert uses machine learning algorithms to interpret and learn from data, whereas transformers use physical principles to automatically merge input signals.	bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers)	Explain bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Suppose you have a bag of M&Ms. You want to count them, but it's too hard to keep track of how many are in each hand while you're counting, so you dump all the M&Ms onto the floor. Now you can easily count them by picking them up one at a time and putting them into a pile. This is like encoding data using a bert model - you represent each item in your data as a vector of numbers (the "digits" of the number), and then process that data as though it were all sitting together in one big heap.	bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers)	Explain bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers) (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you are learning with a machine learning algorithm, it will give more weight to examples that it has seen before. This can lead to unfairness or bias because the algorithm may learn that some things are more important than others based on its own personal biases. For example, if an algorithm is biased against people of color, it might give more weight to examples of white people than people of color.	bias (ethics/fairness)	Explain bias (ethics/fairness) (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of bias in machine learning is as akin to the placebo effect in medicine. Just as a placebo can stimulate the body’s healing response in some cases, so too can biased data mislead a machine-learning algorithm and produce inaccurate results. In other words, if you train a machine learning algorithm on data that is skewed or otherwise flawed, it will likely learn how to replicate those errors rather than identify accurate patterns.	bias (ethics/fairness)	Explain bias (ethics/fairness) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bias is like a filter in front of your eyes. It's what you see and how you see it.	bias (ethics/fairness)	Explain bias (ethics/fairness) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bias is like weight in a scale. If there is more bias on one side, the scale will tip in that direction. In machine learning, if there is more bias towards one answer, the algorithm will be more likely to choose that answer. This can lead to unfairness or unethical decisions if the bias is based on incorrect information.	bias (ethics/fairness)	Explain bias (ethics/fairness) (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you have a favourite sports team, it is likely that your opinion of players on other teams will be biased. You may think that they are not as good as players on your team, even if they have the same skills. This is an example of bias.	bias (ethics/fairness)	Explain bias (ethics/fairness) (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you have a bias in something, it means that your opinion is already leaning one way before you even start to look at the evidence. This can distort how you see things and make it harder to come to an unbiased conclusion. When it comes to math or machine learning, this could mean that your algorithms are inadvertently favoring some results over others because of the data you used to train them.	bias (math)	Explain bias (math) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bias (math) is a systematic error in estimation or decision-making. It may refer to the influence of external factors on an estimate or decision, or to bias arising from internal inconsistencies within a model. In statistics, bias is the difference between an estimator's expected value and the true value of the variable being estimated. Machine learning bias refers to how data scientists introduce unintentional variations into models through feature selection, overfitting, etc., which can lead to inaccurate predictions.An analogy for bias in machine learning would be if you were baking a cake and you used too much sugar, your cake would be sweeter than it should be and it would not accurately reflect the recipe you were using. This same concept applies when building models - if there are more positive examples than negative ones (or vice versa), this will cause the model to perform differently than what was intended.	bias (math)	Explain bias (math) (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of bias as a tilted surface, then it would be easy to see how biased data would produce inaccurate results. For example, if you were trying to measure the height of people in a room by standing at one end and measuring the distance to the tallest person, your measurement would be biased if most of the people in the room were short. This is because you are not accounting for the fact that the taller people are further away from you. In machine learning, bias is often introduced when training data is selected for inclusion in a model. If there is a tendency for some types of data to be overrepresented or underrepresented in the training set, this can lead to inaccurate predictions by the model.	bias (math)	Explain bias (math) (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about bias is as a kind of prejudice. When you have bias, you are not thinking objectively about something; instead, you are attaching your own preconceived notions or feelings to it. This can distort your judgement and lead you to make inaccurate assumptions or decisions.In the context of math and machine learning, bias occurs when a model or algorithm is inadvertently taught information that leads it to favor one outcome over another. For example, if a machine learning algorithm is being used to predict whether someone will default on their loan payments, and it has been trained on data sets that contain a higher percentage of people from minority groups who have defaulted on their loans, then the algorithm may be biased against borrowers from those groups.	bias (math)	Explain bias (math) (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of bias is as a kind of leaning or slant. So, for example, if you have a biased coin - one that is weighted so that it comes up heads more often than tails - then you would expect it to land on its side more often than not. In the same way, if we are talking about biases in people's judgments or opinions, we might say that someone is biased if they always seem to lean in one particular direction, even when taking all the evidence into account.	bias (math)	Explain bias (math) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bigram is a type of machine learning that uses pairs of words to predict the next word in a sentence. It can be thought of as similar to how people use context clues to figure out the meaning of unknown words.	bigram	Explain bigram (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bigram is a two-word token. Just as you can think of single words as data points, you can also think of pairs of words (bigrams) as data points. In some ways, bigrams are even more interesting than individual words because they give us a sense for how people use language in specific contexts.	bigram	Explain bigram (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bigram is like a word made up of two letters. The first letter is called the "key" and the second letter is called the "offset." Together, they form a unit that can be used to predict something, just as words are often used to predict the meaning of a sentence.	bigram	Explain bigram (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bigram is a two-word phrase. It can be seen as a group of two words that are adjacent to each other in a sentence. In machine learning, bigrams are often used to help predict the next word in a text string.	bigram	Explain bigram (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bigram is a machine learning technique that uses two adjacent words in a text document to predict the next word. This analogy might help make it more clear: Bigram is like using the first and last letter of a word to guess the word. So, if you know that "the" is followed by "cat," then you can assume that "bat" will be followed by "cat."	bigram	Explain bigram (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bidirectional learning algorithm is like a human being who can learn to speak two languages at the same time. The algorithm can learn how to associate each word in one language with its equivalent in the other language, and vice versa.	bidirectional	Explain bidirectional (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bidirectional machine learning is like two people having a conversation. The first person (the “learner”) listens to the other person (the “teacher”), and then tries to repeat back what they heard. After a while, the learner becomes better at understanding the teacher, and can start teaching the teacher new things.	bidirectional	Explain bidirectional (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you learn to drive a car, you are using machine learning. The first time you get behind the wheel, you are making all of the decisions yourself - turning the wheel, hitting the gas pedal, and braking when needed. After driving a few times, though, you start to develop habits. You may find that you naturally turn the wheel in the direction of where you want to go without even thinking about it. Over time, your brain learns which actions lead to good outcomes (reaching your destination safely) and which lead to bad outcomes (crashing into things). This type of learning is called reinforcement learning - your brain is reinforcing certain behaviors based on whether they result in positive or negative outcomes.Now imagine that another person gets in the car with you and starts giving instructions on how to drive. At first, their instructions will be unfamiliar and confusing. But eventually, if they keep giving helpful advice and feedback, your brain will begin incorporating their suggestions into its decision-making process. This is what happens with bidirectional machine learning - two different systems (in this case, a computer program and a human instructor) working together to improve each other's performance.	bidirectional	Explain bidirectional (machine learning) using an analogy.
Using an analogy, bidirectional (machine learning) can be explained as follows: Imagine you are a teacher and your students are learning new material. As the students learn, they ask you questions about the material to check their understanding. In this way, you are constantly teaching and correcting your students as they learn. This is similar to how bidirectional (machine learning) works – it uses feedback from previous predictions to improve future predictions.	bidirectional	Explain bidirectional (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bidirectional (machine learning) is a bit like getting fluent in two languages at the same time. The first time you try, it's slow and awkward as you work to connect the new words and grammar structures in each language. But with practice, things start flowing more easily until you can use both languages interchangeably without thinking about it too much. This is basically what bidirectional machine learning does: It uses two different AI models (or programming languages), one for teaching the other how to learn. Over time, this process makes both models better and faster at performing their tasks.	bidirectional	Explain bidirectional (machine learning) using an analogy.
Analogy: A bidirectional language model is like a teacher who can help students learn in both directions - from English to Spanish, and from Spanish to English. The model uses machine learning to analyze data and figure out how words are related in each direction. This helps it predict the right translations for new words, even if they haven't been seen before.	bidirectional language model	Explain bidirectional language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bidirectional language model is a machine learning approach that uses bilingual data to learn how words in one language are related to words in another language. The goal of this type of model is to be able to predict translations for words in both languages given a sentence or text corpus.	bidirectional language model	Explain bidirectional language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bidirectional language model is like a two-way street. It allows cars to go in both directions. This is helpful because it means that the traffic can flow more smoothly. In the same way, a bidirectional language model helps your computer learn words and phrases in both directions so that the learning process is smoother.	bidirectional language model	Explain bidirectional language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bidirectional language model is a machine learning approach that uses two different language models to predict the probability of a word given its context and the probability of a context given a word. This approach can be helpful in predicting translations between languages, as it takes into account both the likelihood of a particular word being used in a certain context and the likelihood of a certain context occurring given a particular word.	bidirectional language model	Explain bidirectional language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bidirectional language model is a machine learning algorithm that helps to predict the next word in a sentence based on the previous words. It is like a train conductor who can predict which way the train will go based on the position of the other trains on the track.	bidirectional language model	Explain bidirectional language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Binary classification is like sorting a group of people into two camps based on some quality or characteristic. For example, you might want to sort people into those who are over 6 feet tall and those who are under 6 feet tall.	binary classification	Explain binary classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you're a basketball coach, and you're trying to figure out which players to put in the game. You could put all of your players in the game, but that might not be the best strategy. You could also put only your best players in the game, but that might not be enough. A better strategy is to put your best players against the other team's worst players. This way, you can make sure your best players are always playing against their worst opponents, which gives them the best chance of winning.This is essentially what binary classification does. It takes a group of items (in this case, basketball players), and divides them into two groups: those who are going to win and those who are going to lose. This way, you can target your resources (e.g., time and money) towards helping those who are likely to win instead of spreading them thin among everyone."	binary classification	Explain binary classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Binary classification is like deciding whether a cat is a housecat or a wildcat. You are given two options, and you must choose one. Housecats are the binary class of “true”, while wildcats are the binary class of “false”.	binary classification	Explain binary classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Assume that you are a high school teacher. You have two classes of students, seniors and juniors. Your goal is to predict which students will graduate from high school. In binary classification, the output variable (whether or not a student graduates) is either 0 or 1, corresponding to whether or not a student graduates. The input variables can be things like GPA, class rank, number of absences, etc.	binary classification	Explain binary classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
A binary classification is basically like splitting an animal into two categories: male and female. With animals, this is usually based on their sex chromosomes (XY for males, XX for females). In the world of machine learning, a binary classifier is a function that takes in an input vector and outputs either 0 or 1, depending on whether the input vector belongs to the positive class or not.	binary classification	Explain binary classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
One technique for dimensionality reduction is to bin the input data. In other words, break the data up into a series of buckets or bins, and then group the observations in each bucket together. The idea is that by grouping similar observations together we can reduce the number of dimensions in our dataset while still preserving most of the information. An analogy for binning would be like sorting marbles into different colored bowls. You could have a bowl with all red marbles, a bowl with all blue marbles, and so on. This would be equivalent to binning the data by color.	binning	Explain binning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Binning is a technique used in machine learning to reduce the number of unique values in a numeric feature. It works by dividing the range of all possible values into fixed-size bins, or groups, and then counting the number of occurrences of each bin value.	binning	Explain binning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Binning is like sorting a deck of cards into suits and ranks. The suits are the categories (spades, hearts, clubs, diamonds) and the ranks are the bins (Ace, 2-10, Jack, Queen, King).	binning	Explain binning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Binning is like sorting a deck of cards. The first step is to divide the cards into piles according to their rank, starting with the Ace and continuing up to the King. The second step is to take each pile and split it in half so that there are two piles of cards, one with all 2s through 10s, and the other with all Jacks through Kings.	binning	Explain binning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Binning is similar to sorting data into groups. In binning, the computer program divides the data set into a certain number of ranges, or bins. The computer then assigns each observation in the data set to the bin that it most closely matches.	binning	Explain binning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bleu is a measure of how close a text translation is to the original text. It is used in machine learning to evaluate how well a computer program has translated text from one language to another.	bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy)	Explain bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy) (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you're learning to drive, one of the things your instructor may do is have you drive while they sit in the passenger seat and give feedback. This is a type of "bleu" evaluation, where someone with more experience evaluates your work and provides feedback.	bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy)	Explain bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bilingual evaluation understudy is a computer system that can be trained to recognize objects in two different languages. It works by learning how the translations of words or phrases between the two languages are related. For example, if it sees the word "apple" in English and "pomme" in French, it will learn that they both refer to the same object.	bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy)	Explain bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy) (machine learning) using an analogy.
I imagine bilingual evaluation as a machine learning process where you have two different "languages" or data sets. You want your machine to be able to learn how to translate between the two languages, so you can compare and contrast them. This analogy is similar to how Google Translate works- by comparing and contrasting multiple language translations, it can learn how to accurately translate between them.	bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy)	Explain bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bleu is a computer program that compares two versions of a text to see how similar they are. It assigns a score between 0 and 1 to indicate how closely the texts match.	bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy)	Explain bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Boosting is a machine learning technique that aims to improve the performance of a weak learner. The basic idea is to create a composite learner by combining the outputs of several weak learners.	boosting	Explain boosting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Boosting is a technique used in machine learning for improving the accuracy of predictions by using a series of weak learners. The individual weak learners are first trained on separate data sets, and then their predictions are combined to produce a more accurate prediction than any one learner could achieve alone.	boosting	Explain boosting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Boosting is similar to a athletics coach who trains an athlete. The coach starts by giving the athlete some basic training, then increases the intensity of the training as the athlete gets better.	boosting	Explain boosting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Boosting is like getting fit. It takes a lot of hard work, but it’s worth it in the end. You start by doing some basic exercises, and then you gradually increase the intensity and complexity as you get stronger.	boosting	Explain boosting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Boosting is like a fitness coach. It helps you to work harder and get better results.	boosting	Explain boosting (machine learning) using an analogy.
A box that surrounds a certain object or area. This can be used to identify and isolate the object or area in question so that it can be studied or worked on specifically.	bounding box	Explain bounding box (machine learning) using an analogy.
Think of the bounding box as a rectangle that surrounds the object you are trying to identify. The rectangle helps to define the boundaries of the object and makes it easier for the machine learning algorithm to identify it.	bounding box	Explain bounding box (machine learning) using an analogy.
In many ways, a bounding box is like a frame for a picture. It helps to define the outer boundaries of what's in the picture and makes it easier to identify and track specific objects within the image. In machine learning, a bounding box is used similarly- as an outline around an object that can be tracked and analyzed.	bounding box	Explain bounding box (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bounding box is like a frame around a picture. It's used to define the limits of something so that it can be accurately measured or identified. In machine learning, a bounding box is used to identify and isolate specific objects in a image or other data set.	bounding box	Explain bounding box (machine learning) using an analogy.
A bounding box is like a frame on a painting. It's the outline of what you're looking at.	bounding box	Explain bounding box (machine learning) using an analogy.
Broadcasting (machine learning) is like sending a message out to many people at once. The message can be the same for everyone, or it can be different based on who you are sending it to.	broadcasting	Explain broadcasting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Broadcasting is a technique used in machine learning to improve the performance of algorithms. It works by splitting the training data into a number of smaller datasets, each of which is then trained on its own. The individual datasets are then combined and the algorithm is run on the combined dataset. This technique can be used to improve the performance of algorithms that are prone to overfitting, such as neural networks.	broadcasting	Explain broadcasting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Broadcasting (machine learning) is like sending a message from one person to many people at the same time. The message is sent to all of the people in the group, and each person can listen to it or not as they choose.	broadcasting	Explain broadcasting (machine learning) using an analogy.
In broadcasting (machine learning), a "message" is sent to many different "listeners." The listeners may be of the same type, or they may be of different types. In either case, each listener will receive the message and perform some operation on it.	broadcasting	Explain broadcasting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Broadcasting is a machine learning technique where the training data is distributed across different machines. This helps in faster training of the model as each machine can take its own time to train the model.	broadcasting	Explain broadcasting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bucketing is like when you are grocery shopping and put all the eggs in one carton, all the bread in another, etc. Machine learning algorithms use bucketing to group similar items together so that they can be more easily processed and analyzed.	bucketing	Explain bucketing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bucketing is like sorting objects into different groups. For example, you might sort toy cars into red toy cars and blue toy cars.	bucketing	Explain bucketing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bucketing is similar to sorting in that it involves organizing data into groups. However, bucketing goes a step further by creating a boundary or threshold for each group. Data that falls below the threshold are placed in one bucket, while data that exceeds the threshold are put in another. Bucketing is used in machine learning to simplify the task of training algorithms by reducing the number of data points that need to be analyzed.	bucketing	Explain bucketing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bucketing is like sorting your clothes into piles. You might have a pile for shirts, one for pants, and another for socks. Bucketing is when you divide your data into similar groups so that it’s easier to understand and work with.	bucketing	Explain bucketing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Bucketing is like sorting a deck of cards. You can group the cards by color, rank, or suit. Bucketing helps to organize data so that it can be processed and analyzed more easily.	bucketing	Explain bucketing (machine learning) using an analogy.
A calibration layer is like the foundation of a house. It's important for your house to have a strong foundation so that it can withstand the weight of everything that's built on top of it. The calibration layer in machine learning is important because it helps to make sure that the rest of your machine learning model is accurate.	calibration layer	Explain calibration layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Calibration layer is like the foundation of a building. It's important to have a strong foundation so that the building doesn't crumble over time. The calibration layer provides accuracy for the machine learning model and ensures that predictions are accurate.	calibration layer	Explain calibration layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Calibration layer is like a map. It helps the machine learning algorithm understand how different features in the data correspond to actual values.	calibration layer	Explain calibration layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
In calibration layer (machine learning), the input data is adjusted or “calibrated” so that the models will be able to accurately predict the desired output. The analogy would be like adjusting a TV's color settings until it produces an accurate picture.	calibration layer	Explain calibration layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning calibration layer is like the foundation of a house. It is a critical part of the structure that helps ensure accuracy and stability for all other layers above it. In the same way, the calibration layer in machine learning helps to ensure accurate predictions by adjusting algorithms to account for inaccuracies in data.	calibration layer	Explain calibration layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Candidate generation is a bit like online dating. You are given some information about someone, and then you generate possible candidates that match the description.	candidate generation	Explain candidate generation (machine learning) using an analogy.
The process of candidate generation can be thought of as a voter sorting through the candidates running for office. The voter is looking for the best person to represent them and their interests. In the context of machine learning, the voter is the algorithm and the candidates are the data points. The algorithm is looking for the best data point to represent its goal or objective.	candidate generation	Explain candidate generation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A computer is shown a large number of pictures of different people. Over time, the computer will "learn" how to identify different people in new pictures. This is Candidate Generation - the computer is learning to identify certain features (e.g. eyes, nose, mouth) that are common amongst all the pictures it has been shown. It then uses these features to generate candidates for new pictures it has never seen before.	candidate generation	Explain candidate generation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A vending machine is a good analogy for how candidate generation works in machine learning. When you put money into the vending machine, it selects a candy bar at random and gives it to you. The selection of the candy bar is analogous to the selection of the most likely candidate from a group of candidates.	candidate generation	Explain candidate generation (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of the election process as a funnel, with voters at the wide end and candidates at the narrow end, candidate generation is the process of narrowing down the list of potential candidates from all of those who declare they are running to just those who have a real chance of winning. This is done through a series of screenings and tests that assess various factors, such as viability in terms of fundraising and polling numbers, experience in politics, and policy positions.	candidate generation	Explain candidate generation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sampling is like taking a small sip from a large container of water. This allows you to get an idea of what the entire container tastes like without having to drink the entire thing.	candidate sampling	Explain candidate sampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a chocolate maker. You have a huge vat of melted chocolate and you want to make some chocolates. One way to do this is to dip a spoon into the vat and take out some chocolate. This is what we call sampling. We are taking a small amount of chocolate from the vat in order to make our chocolates.This is how candidate sampling works in machine learning. We take a small number of samples (candidates) from our data set in order to train our machine learning algorithm.	candidate sampling	Explain candidate sampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
One possible analogy for sampling (in machine learning) is the process of flipping a coin. You have a 50/50 chance of landing on heads or tails each time you flip the coin. This is analogous to how a random sample works - it gives you a fair representation of what's going on in the larger population.	candidate sampling	Explain candidate sampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
A pollster wants to know who will win the next presidential election. They randomly select 1000 people from the population and ask them who they are voting for. This is a simple random sample and it is not representative of the entire population. However, if the pollster samples more people, their sample will become more representative of the population. Sampling more people allows the pollster to make better predictions about who will win the election.	candidate sampling	Explain candidate sampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sampling is like taking a small sip of soup from a large pot. This gives you an idea of the flavor and consistency of the soup without having to eat the whole thing. Sampling in machine learning works in a similar way. By selecting a small number of training examples, we can learn something about how the algorithm will perform on new data.	candidate sampling	Explain candidate sampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Categorical data is like a deck of cards. The suit (clubs, diamonds, hearts, spades) is the categorical variable and the rank (Ace, 2, 3, 4,...king) is the numerical variable. Just as there are 52 cards in a deck, there are 52 possible combinations of suits and ranks	categorical data	Explain categorical data (machine learning) using an analogy.
Categorical data is like a deck of cards. Each card is one category (e.g. hearts, clubs, spades, diamonds) and there are 52 cards in the deck.	categorical data	Explain categorical data (machine learning) using an analogy.
Categorical data is like a list of different types of animals. The data might include information on how many lions, tigers, and bears there are in a given area.	categorical data	Explain categorical data (machine learning) using an analogy.
Categorical data is like a deck of cards. Each card in the deck represents a different category, and each category has a corresponding value. For example, the Ace of Spades might represent the category "vehicles" with a value of 1, while the Two of Hearts might represent the category "clothing" with a value of 2.	categorical data	Explain categorical data (machine learning) using an analogy.
Categorical data is something that can be sorted into specific categories. For example, you might have a list of colors and be able to sort them into red, blue, green, etc.	categorical data	Explain categorical data (machine learning) using an analogy.
A causal language model is a machine learning technique that predicts the probability of future events, based on observed past events. It can be thought of as an algorithm that learns how to predict the outcomes of actions, by observing the outcomes of previous actions.	causal language model	Explain causal language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Causal language model is like learning a foreign language. You start with basic words and phrases, and then build on that knowledge by learning more complex concepts. The more you learn, the better you understand the nuances of the language, and eventually you can speak it fluently.	causal language model	Explain causal language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A causal language model is like a prediction machine that takes in current information (like news articles) and predicts future events. It works by looking at the patterns of words and how they are related to one another. This helps it to understand the cause-and-effect relationships between different concepts.	causal language model	Explain causal language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A causal language model is a machine learning algorithm that can be used to predict the next word in a text sequence, given the previous words. It works by assuming that each word in the text is influenced by the words that came before it, and that these influences are not random. This allows the model to learn how certain words are related to one another, and make predictions about future words based on this knowledge.	causal language model	Explain causal language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A causal language model is a machine learning algorithm that uses Bayesian inference to predict the next word in a text sequence, based on its past history. The algorithm works by assigning probabilities to different words, based on how often they appear together. For example, if the word "the" always appears before the word "cat", then the probability of seeing "cat" will be higher after seeing "the".	causal language model	Explain causal language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Centroid is the center of a cluster. It can be found by taking all the points in a cluster and averaging their coordinates.	centroid	Explain centroid (machine learning) using an analogy.
A centroid is the average location of points in a data set. It can be thought of as the center of a cluster of points.	centroid	Explain centroid (machine learning) using an analogy.
Centroid is a machine learning technique that estimates the most likely target value for a given input. This can be thought of as finding the center of a cluster of data points.	centroid	Explain centroid (machine learning) using an analogy.
A centroid can be thought of as the "average" or "middle" value for a given set of data. For example, if you had a list of numbers that ranged from 1 to 10, the centroid would be 5 (5 is the average of 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10).	centroid	Explain centroid (machine learning) using an analogy.
The centroid is the average position of all the points in a dataset. In other words, it's the center point around which all the data is distributed. This makes it an important metric for measuring how dispersed or clustered your data is. You can also use the centroid to predict new values by averaging together the values of surrounding training points.	centroid	Explain centroid (machine learning) using an analogy.
Centroid-based clustering is like organizing a group of friends by where they live. The centroid is the center of the group, and each person is assigned to a cluster based on how close they are to the centroid.	centroid-based clustering	Explain centroid-based clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine a group of school children. The centroid-based clustering algorithm would treat each child as a data point, and then it would find the center of mass (the centroid) for all of those points. It would then create clusters around the centroids.	centroid-based clustering	Explain centroid-based clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Centroid-based clustering is like sorting a pile of toy animals into groups based on their physical similarities. The centroid is the "average" animal in each group, and the other animals in each group are clustered around it.	centroid-based clustering	Explain centroid-based clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you want to cluster a bunch of points (like stars in the sky). You could imagine drawing a circle around each star. The center of each circle is called the "centroid" of that star. If you wanted to find the best way to group all of the stars together, you could put them into groups based on their centroids. This is how centroid-based clustering works for machine learning algorithms.	centroid-based clustering	Explain centroid-based clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Centroid-based clustering is like finding the center of a group of stars. You take all the stars and find the average position of them. That is your centroid. Then you create clusters by drawing lines between stars that are close to each other in space.	centroid-based clustering	Explain centroid-based clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
In the early days of automobiles, drivers had to use a lot of their own skill and intuition to operate them. Over time, as cars became more sophisticated with things like power steering and cruise control, people could rely on these features to help them drive. Co-adaptation is similar: it’s a process where machines learn how to work together with humans, in order to make everyone more effective.	co-adaptation	Explain co-adaptation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A good analogy for co-adaptation (machine learning) is the game of chess. When two experienced players play each other, they quickly adapt to the other player's style, making moves that are unexpected and challenging. Over time, both players learn each other's habits and preferences, and the game becomes more predictable. In a similar way, machine learning algorithms can "learn" how to best predict or respond to specific inputs by using data from past experience.	co-adaptation	Explain co-adaptation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A group of animals that live together in a pack or herd are said to be co-adapted. The members of the pack or herd have learned how to work together to survive. Each animal knows its role and what it needs to do to help the group.	co-adaptation	Explain co-adaptation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Co-adaptation is a type of machine learning where two or more machines learn to work together to achieve a common goal. An analogy for co-adaptation would be two people who are training for a marathon. They will both need to train their muscles and cardiovascular system in order to complete the race.	co-adaptation	Explain co-adaptation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A good analogy for co-adaptation is two people learning a dance together. They both start out with no idea what they're doing, but as they practice together, they begin to adapt to each other's movements until they can move in perfect sync.	co-adaptation	Explain co-adaptation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Collaborative filtering is a technique used by online services to recommend items for you based on what others with similar interests have liked. It's like your best friend telling you about a new band they think you'll love - it takes into account your individual preferences as well as what other people with similar tastes have enjoyed.	collaborative filtering	Explain collaborative filtering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Collaborative filtering is a machine learning technique that helps recommend items to users based on their past behavior and the behavior of similar users. It can be thought of as a "customer relationship management" tool for retailers.	collaborative filtering	Explain collaborative filtering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Collaborative filtering is like your best friend recommending a new restaurant to you. Your friend has eaten at the restaurant and knows what it’s like, so they can tell you if it’s worth trying out.	collaborative filtering	Explain collaborative filtering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Collaborative filtering is a type of machine learning that allows systems to "learn" about users' interests and preferences by analyzing data collected from past interactions. For example, if you frequently purchase items from Amazon, the site's recommendations engine will gradually start to suggest similar products that you may also be interested in. This happens because the system has "learned" your likes and dislikes based on your past behavior.	collaborative filtering	Explain collaborative filtering (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of collaborative filtering as a group of people all recommending the same book to each other, then it would be like one person saying "Hey, I read this book and it's great!" and then everyone in their social circle doing the same. In terms of machine learning, this is essentially what happens when computers create models that predict how likely someone is to enjoy something based on what others with similar interests have enjoyed in the past.	collaborative filtering	Explain collaborative filtering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Confirmation bias is like looking for a needle in a haystack. You know the needle is there, so you are more likely to find it.	confirmation bias	Explain confirmation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
The confirmation bias is similar to a human looking for things that support their beliefs and ignoring anything that does not. In machine learning, this means that the algorithm is only looking for instances where it has been correctly trained and is not paying attention to any errors.	confirmation bias	Explain confirmation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Confirmation bias, in machine learning, is the tendency of a model to favor certain data inputs that confirms its hypothesis over those that disconfirms it. This can be likened to humans’ natural inclination to seek information that confirms their beliefs and ignore information that does not.	confirmation bias	Explain confirmation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Confirmation bias is like a person who has already decided they are going to buy a certain brand of car. They go to the dealership and only look at that brand of car, even though there may be other brands available. This is confirmation bias because the person is only looking for evidence that supports their decision (that they are going to buy the car).	confirmation bias	Explain confirmation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you are learning to drive a car, you have to learn how to use the pedals and the steering wheel. You also have to learn what each of the buttons and knobs on the dashboard do. After a while, driving becomes second nature - you don't have think about what each pedal does, or which knob turns on the headlights. Instead, your brain has "learned" how to drive a car, and it can focus on other things (like watching for traffic lights).Machine learning is similar: your computer learns how to do something (like recognize objects in photographs) by practicing over and over again. Once it has learned how to do something, it can focus on other tasks (like identifying whether an image contains a cat or a dog).	confirmation bias	Explain confirmation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Continuous feature is like temperature. It can take on any value within a certain range.	continuous feature	Explain continuous feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Continuous feature (machine learning) can be analogy to the continuous variables in mathematics.	continuous feature	Explain continuous feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Continuous features are similar to variables in math. Just as you can change the value of a variable (e.g., x = 2), you can change the value of a continuous feature (e.g., weight = 160).	continuous feature	Explain continuous feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Continuous feature (machine learning) is similar to a river. The flow of the water can be changed by adding or removing objects, but the overall path of the river remains the same. Similarly, continuous features in machine learning can be modified by adjusting certain parameters, but the overall outcome will remain unchanged.	continuous feature	Explain continuous feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Continuous features are like the temperature in a room. They can be measured at any time and usually have a range of values.	continuous feature	Explain continuous feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convenience sampling is like choosing your friends at a party. You are likely to be drawn to people who are similar to you in some way, whether it’s age, occupation, or interests. So if you want to know what young people think about the new iPhone release, for example, you might ask all of your 20-something friends what they think – even if they’re not representative of everyone that age.	convenience sampling	Explain convenience sampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convenience sampling is like when you go to the grocery store and you only pick the items that are easy to get, like candy or chips. You aren't looking for anything specific, you're just grabbing things that are easily accessible.	convenience sampling	Explain convenience sampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convenience sampling is like when you go to the grocery store and you only pick up the items that are easy to get. You don't bother going down the aisle for the items that are in the back, because it's difficult to get to them.	convenience sampling	Explain convenience sampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convenience sampling is like picking people out of a line-up who look the most convenient to you.	convenience sampling	Explain convenience sampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convenience sampling is like when you go to the store and only pick up products that are easy to get to. This is opposed to when you have a list of items you need and have to search through all the aisles in order to find them.	convenience sampling	Explain convenience sampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convex function is like a hill. It has a smooth surface that gradually rises from left to right. Steep cliffs line the edges of the hill, and it's impossible to climb up or down them without using special equipment.	convex function	Explain convex function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convex function is like a ramp. It starts off slowly and then it speeds up as you go further along. This is similar to how a machine learning algorithm learns: it starts off with small pieces of data and then gradually builds up to larger pieces.	convex function	Explain convex function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A function is convex if the line connecting any two points on the graph of the function lies above the graph. This means that the function favors solutions with fewer errors (in other words, it is easier to find a local minimum).	convex function	Explain convex function (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convex functions are like a ramp or hill. They slope smoothly and continuously upwards, making it easy for something to move up them. This is in contrast to concave functions, which slope downwards and can be difficult to climb. Convex functions are desirable in machine learning because they allow models to quickly find the global optimum solution for a problem.	convex function	Explain convex function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convex function is like a bathtub. It has a smooth curve and is relatively easy to climb in comparison to other surfaces.	convex function	Explain convex function (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convex optimization is similar to fitness training. The goal is to make gradual improvements over time so that the end result is an improved version of oneself. In convex optimization, each iteration (or step) improves the solution by a small amount, and the algorithm always takes the best step possible. This approach gradually converges on a good solution without risking getting stuck in a local optimum.	convex optimization	Explain convex optimization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convex optimization is a bit like trying to fit a perfect square peg into a round hole. You can move the peg around in lots of different ways, but you'll always be able to find a position where it fits perfectly. In machine learning, this is known as a 'convex' function: it's easy to find the best solution, and every other solution is worse than the best one.	convex optimization	Explain convex optimization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convex optimization is a technique used in machine learning to find the best possible solution to a problem. It is similar to finding the shortest path between two points on a map. The goal is to find the route that minimizes the distance traveled.	convex optimization	Explain convex optimization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convex optimization is a technique used by machine learning algorithms to find the best possible solution to a problem. The analogy that I like to use is that of finding the shortest path between two points. There are many different ways you could go from point A to point B, and the algorithm will try all of them until it finds the one that is shortest.	convex optimization	Explain convex optimization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convex optimization is similar to the game of Jenga. In both cases, there are a number of pieces that need to be fit together in order to create a final product. With Jenga, the player is trying to remove blocks from the tower without causing it to collapse. With convex optimization, the goal is to find a set of parameters that will produce the best possible outcome for a given problem. Like Jenga, there can be many different ways of achieving this goal, and it can often be difficult to determine which one is best.	convex optimization	Explain convex optimization (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convex set is like a bowl that curves inward. The sides of the bowl are straight, and everything inside the bowl is curved inward as well.	convex set	Explain convex set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convex set is like a bowl. It has a curved surface and everything inside the bowl is also included in the set.	convex set	Explain convex set (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, a convex set is like a rubber ball. If you press down on one part of the ball, the entire thing will flatten out. This is in contrast to a non-convex set, which is more like an inflated balloon. If you poke it in one place, it'll move somewhere else.	convex set	Explain convex set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convex set is like a bowl. It has a curved surface and everything inside the bowl is contained within the curve. The edges of the bowl are sharp, so if you were to put something on the edge, it would fall out. Convex sets have one important property: any point inside the set can be reached by starting at any other point in the set and moving along a path that always stays within the set.	convex set	Explain convex set (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convex set is like a bowl that has been shaped so that its interior forms a smooth curve. The sides of the bowl are also curved, meaning they are concave. This shape allows any object to be placed inside the bowl without hitting any sharp edges. In machine learning, a convex set is used as a model for predicting values at certain points in space. Data can be easily added to or removed from this type of model, making it very efficient for training purposes.	convex set	Explain convex set (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolution is a bit like when you go to the beach and put sunscreen on your skin. The sunscreen gets rubbed all over your skin, and each tiny particle of sunscreen interacts with your skin cells. In a similar way, convolutional layers in a machine learning algorithm interact with input data points (like pixels in an image), one at a time, and learn how to recognize patterns.	convolution	Explain convolution (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolution is like a blender. You put in some ingredients (features), turn it on, and out comes a smoothie (the prediction).	convolution	Explain convolution (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolution is like a recipe for making pancakes. You take some flour, eggs, milk and baking powder and mix them together to make a batter. Then you cook the pancakes on a griddle. The convolutional network takes some input data (flour, eggs, milk) and produces an output (pancakes).	convolution	Explain convolution (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolution is a technique used in machine learning to learn the features of data. It can be thought of as a process of multiplying each point in one vector by every point in another vector and then summing the results.	convolution	Explain convolution (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of a machine learning algorithm as a person, then convolution is like that person getting to know you better. The more they learn about you, the better they can predict your future actions.	convolution	Explain convolution (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you have a bag of M&Ms. If you wanted to know what color each individual M&M was, you would have to take them all out one by one and examine them. This is like training a machine learning algorithm with a single data point at a time.Now imagine if you had a handful (or bucket) of M&Ms and could pour them all into your hand at once. You could quickly look at all the M&Ms in your hand and get an idea for the distribution of colors. This is like training a machine learning algorithm with many data points at once.Convolutional filters are like that secondhand: they allow us to learn about the distribution of colors in our M&Ms by looking at just a small sample from our bag (or dataset).	convolutional filter	Explain convolutional filter (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolutional filter is similar to the way our brains process information. Our brains have a network of neurons that connect to each other. When we see something, our eyes send visual information to our brain which is then processed by these interconnected neurons. This creates an interpretation of what we saw. Convolutional filters work in a similar way. They are made up of a series of interconnected nodes (similar to neurons) that process input data. This creates an interpretation of the input data.	convolutional filter	Explain convolutional filter (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convolutional filter is like a mask that you put over your face. It changes the way light hits your eyes, which changes the way you see things.	convolutional filter	Explain convolutional filter (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolutional filters are like a series of custom-made sunglasses that help your brain focus on what you want to see. They are especially good at highlighting edges and other features in an image.	convolutional filter	Explain convolutional filter (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolutional filter is a bit like the human brain. It can learn to recognize patterns and distinguish between different objects, just like our brains do.	convolutional filter	Explain convolutional filter (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolutional layer is a bit like the human brain. The input data is "fed in" and then it's processed through a series of interconnected filters, which learn to recognise patterns. These patterns can then be used to identify objects or features in images, for example.	convolutional layer	Explain convolutional layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convolutional layer is a bit like putting on glasses. The layer allows the machine to focus on specific features of an image, or in other words, it helps the machine "see" things more clearly.	convolutional layer	Explain convolutional layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convolutional layer is a bit like a set of filters that are placed over an image. The filters can be used to change the appearance of the image, or to focus on certain aspects of it.	convolutional layer	Explain convolutional layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convolutional layer is like a set of filters that are applied to an input image. The filters can be used to highlight certain features in the image, or to reduce the amount of noise.	convolutional layer	Explain convolutional layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convolutional layer is like a filter that sharpens an image. It takes in a blurry image and makes it sharper.	convolutional layer	Explain convolutional layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Think of the input data as a long string of text. A convolutional neural network is like a set of filters that can be applied to the text one by one. The first filter might change all the letters in the text to upper case, for example. The next filter might replace all instances of the letter “e” with an exclamation mark (!), and so on.	convolutional neural network	Explain convolutional neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convolutional neural network is a bit like the human brain. It’s made up of layers of interconnected neurons, and each neuron can be thought of as a little processing unit. The connections between the neurons are analogous to the synapses in our brains, and they allow the network to learn from experience.	convolutional neural network	Explain convolutional neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you have a computer that can only understand English. You want to teach it how to speak Spanish. To do this, you would need to find a program that takes in an input of English text and produces an output of Spanish text. This is analogous to a convolutional neural network (CNN). It takes in an image as input and outputs the most likely label for that image (e.g., cat, dog, car, etc.).	convolutional neural network	Explain convolutional neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convolutional neural network is like a group of people who have been taught how to identify objects based on pictures. When presented with a new picture, these people will independently identify any objects in the picture and write down what they see. The output from all of these individual identifications is then compiled into one list, which can be used to better understand the contents of the original picture.	convolutional neural network	Explain convolutional neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A convolutional neural network is a bit like your brain. Your brain has many different parts, called neurons. These neurons are connected to each other in complex ways. When you see something, the image goes into your eye, and the light hits your retina. This sends a signal to your brain that travels through all of those interconnected neurons until it reaches the part of your brain that handles vision. A convolutional neural network works in a similar way. It has lots of different “neurons”, and these neurons are connected together in complex ways. When you give the network an image, it will send a signal to all of its neurons, and eventually the neuron that handles images will fire off.	convolutional neural network	Explain convolutional neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolutional operation is like the process of putting on makeup. The input is your face, and the makeup is the convolutional kernel. You apply the makeup by sweeping it across your face in a circular pattern.	convolutional operation	Explain convolutional operation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolutional operation is like when you are cleaning your house and you use a wet rag to clean the dirt off of a surface. The wet rag represents the convolutional kernel and the surface represents the input data.	convolutional operation	Explain convolutional operation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolutional operation is like a filter that you can place over an image to change the way it looks.	convolutional operation	Explain convolutional operation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolutional operation is like a filter that gets applied to an image. It can be used to improve the accuracy of predictions by combining information from neighboring pixels.	convolutional operation	Explain convolutional operation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Convolutional operation is similar to the way our brain processes information. Our brain receives sensory input (light, sound, smell, etc.), and then filters that information through a series of layers (neurons) before it reaches our conscious mind. The convolutional operation in machine learning works in a similar way. It takes an input image (a picture), and then filters that image through a series of layers (convolutional neurons) before it is classified or recognized.	convolutional operation	Explain convolutional operation (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you want to go on a road trip, there are some costs associated with it. You need to buy a car and fill it up with gas. The cost of the car and the gas depends on how far you're going, how fast you're going, and how many people are in your group. If you want to make the trip more affordable, you can take a smaller car or drive slower.The same is true for machine learning algorithms. There are costs associated with running them, which depend on things like the size of the data set, the number of features in that data set, and the complexity of the algorithm. You can reduce these costs by reducing either the size of your data set or by simplifying your feature set.	cost	Explain cost (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you learn to drive a car, it costs time and money. The time is spent learning how the car works and how to control it. The money goes towards buying or renting the car, paying for gas, and maintaining the vehicle.The same is true for machine learning: there is a cost in both time and money. Time is spent learning algorithms and tweaking parameters. Money goes towards purchasing data sets, GPU instances on AWS, etc	cost	Explain cost (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of the cost of a machine learning algorithm is as a function of the number of data points used to train it. The more data points that are used, the better the algorithm will be at generalizing to unseen data. However, gathering more data also typically costs more money. So there is a trade-off between how accurate an algorithm can be and how much it costs to train it.	cost	Explain cost (machine learning) using an analogy.
The cost of a machine learning algorithm is related to the number of times it has to be run in order to find the best solution. The more times it is run, the better the solution will be. However, this also means that the algorithm will take longer to find a good solution.	cost	Explain cost (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning algorithms require significant processing power and data storage, which can be expensive. The cost of using machine learning generally depends on the size and complexity of the data set, the hardware requirements, and the software license fees.	cost	Explain cost (machine learning) using an analogy.
Co-training is like having a personal trainer at the gym. You can work out by yourself, but it's more fun and effective if you have someone to help push you and give you feedback. With co-training, two or more machines "coach" each other, getting better results than either could achieve on its own.	co-training	Explain co-training (machine learning) using an analogy.
A good way to think of co-training is as a type of machine learning that uses two or more different algorithms to learn from data simultaneously. This can be helpful in making sure that the models created by each algorithm are accurate, and it can also help speed up the overall learning process.	co-training	Explain co-training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Co-training is a machine learning technique that uses two or more classifiers working together to achieve better accuracy than either could achieve alone. It can be thought of as analogous to humans working together on a task. For example, imagine you and your friend are trying to learn a new skill, like how to play the guitar. If you each practice separately, you'll probably both make mistakes and learn slowly. But if you practice together, you can help each other figure out what's going wrong and correct each other's mistakes. This way, you'll both learn much faster and make fewer mistakes overall.	co-training	Explain co-training (machine learning) using an analogy.
One example of co-training is the use of two or more different machine learning algorithms to predict a target variable, with each algorithm being trained on a separate set of training data. Co-training can also refer to the use of multiple models (or "algorithms") within a single machine learning system, where each model is responsible for a different task. For example, one model might be used for feature extraction and another for classification.	co-training	Explain co-training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Co-training is like if you and your friend are learning how to parallel park. You watch your friend park and then you try to do it yourself. After a few tries, you can probably do it without help from your friend. Co-training is similar in that the computer “learns” from another computer (or set of data) and then applies what it learned to a new problem	co-training	Explain co-training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Counterfactual fairness is a machine learning technique used to ensure that artificial intelligence systems treat all individuals fairly, regardless of their protected characteristics. It works by comparing the results of an AI system's decision-making process with what would have happened if the target individual had been treated differently. This allows developers to identify and address any potential biases in their algorithms.	counterfactual fairness	Explain counterfactual fairness (machine learning) using an analogy.
Counterfactual fairness is the idea that machine learning systems should be designed in such a way that they produce fair outcomes, even if we don’t have all of the information about how they work. This can be thought of as similar to how jurors are supposed to deliver verdicts based on the facts of a case, even if they don’t know everything about what happened.	counterfactual fairness	Explain counterfactual fairness (machine learning) using an analogy.
Counterfactual fairness is the idea that machine learning models should be designed in a way that they produce equitable results, even if the input data is not perfectly balanced. This can be achieved by accounting for covariates that may influence the model’s predictions, such as race, gender or socio-economic status. An analogy for this would be ensuring that everyone who plays a fair game of Monopoly has an equal chance of winning, regardless of their starting position on the board.	counterfactual fairness	Explain counterfactual fairness (machine learning) using an analogy.
Counterfactual fairness is the idea that machine learning models should be designed in a way that they perform equally well for all possible input data points, regardless of the individual’s race, gender or other identity factors. It can be thought of as similar to ensuring that everyone has an equal opportunity to win a game, regardless of their starting position.	counterfactual fairness	Explain counterfactual fairness (machine learning) using an analogy.
Counterfactual fairness is a machine learning technique that deals with the hypothetical situation of what would have happened if some part of the data had been different. This technique allows for a more accurate analysis of how different factors may have influenced the results of a machine learning model.	counterfactual fairness	Explain counterfactual fairness (machine learning) using an analogy.
One example of bias in machine learning is coverage bias. This occurs when a machine learning algorithm only has access to a subset of the data available for it to learn from. As a result, the algorithm may not be able to generalize well to new data. For example, imagine you are trying to teach a computer how to recognize pictures of animals. If you only show it pictures of cats and dogs, the computer will be very good at recognizing cats and dogs, but will have difficulty recognizing other animals.	coverage bias	Explain coverage bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
This analogy is borrowed from “The Elements of Statistical Learning” by Trevor Hastie, Robert Tibshirani, and Jerome Friedman. Imagine you are a taxi driver in a city where it often rains. You have two routes that you can take: the first route is shorter but has more puddles and the second route is longer but has fewer puddles. The question is: which route should you take when it starts raining?One approach would be to try both routes at different times during a rainstorm and see which one gets you to your destination faster. This would give you empirical evidence about which route is better in wet weather. However, this approach has several problems: 1) It’s time-consuming; 2) It’s difficult to gather data on every possible scenario; 3) Your results may not be applicable in other cities or situations.A better approach would be to use machine learning algorithms to learn how to predict the best route for a taxi driver based on historical data about rainfall patterns in the city. This approach has several advantages over the empirical approach: 1) It’s much faster; 2) It can account for variations in weather conditions across different parts of the city; 3) Results can be generalized to other cities and situations.	coverage bias	Explain coverage bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
When using machine learning for predictive modeling, there is always a bias in the data. This may be due to several factors such as sample size, selection bias, or simply incorrect assumptions about the data. In essence, all models are biased in some way or another; it's just a matter of how much and what direction that bias takes. think of coverage bias as being like putting on rose-colored glasses. When you are looking at something through these glasses, everything appears rosier than it actually is. The same thing happens with machine learning models - they can be skewed to show more (or less) favorable results depending on the data used to train them.	coverage bias	Explain coverage bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you have a friend who only ever talks to people she knows, and never meets strangers, then she has coverage bias. She's missing out on meeting new and interesting people, just as machine learning models can miss out on valuable data if they only focus on the data they are already familiar with.	coverage bias	Explain coverage bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Just like a human can only see what is directly in front of them, a machine learning algorithm can only learn from the data it is given. If there is an imbalance in the data, for example if there are more negative examples than positive ones, the machine will learn to be more pessimistic.	coverage bias	Explain coverage bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
A crash blossom is a false positive result in a machine learning algorithm. It's analogous to when you're looking for a specific word in a document and instead of finding the word, you find lots of other words that are similar to the one you're looking for.	crash blossom	Explain crash blossom (machine learning) using an analogy.
Crash Blossom is a term used in machine learning to describe a situation where a model has been trained on datasets that do not accurately represent the true distribution of the target variable. The term was first coined by Jason Brownlee in his article “10 Algorithmic Problems That Will Keep You Up at Night”. As an analogy, imagine you are trying to learn how to ride a bike by only riding down gentle hills. When you try to ride up a steep hill, you will most likely crash because you are not experienced enough yet with cycling up steep inclines. In the same way, if you only train your machine learning model on data that is easy to predict (like gently sloping hills), it will be less accurate when applied to data that is more difficult to predict (like steep hills).	crash blossom	Explain crash blossom (machine learning) using an analogy.
Crash Blossom is a term used in machine learning to describe a situation where a predictive model is overfitting the training data, and as such, performs very well on the training set but poorly on new data. This can be likened to how actual blossom trees tend to crash under the weight of their own flowers; they are not able to handle the abundance of fruit that they produce. In much the same way, overfit models are not able to generalize well to new data and often result in poor performance.	crash blossom	Explain crash blossom (machine learning) using an analogy.
A crash blossom is a type of false positive error that can occur in machine learning algorithms. It is caused when the algorithm mistakenly predicts an event (e.g., a stock market crash) that does not actually happen. This can be due to several factors, including inaccurate data or incorrect assumptions about how the data will behave. Crash blossoms are often very costly and can cause significant financial losses for businesses or individuals who rely on them.	crash blossom	Explain crash blossom (machine learning) using an analogy.
Crash Blossom is an AI term that describes a situation where recommendation algorithms are fooled into recommending bad or undesirable results. The analogy would be to think of it as being similar to how a computer virus can cause unintended and harmful consequences on a system. In the same way, Crash Blossom recommendations can harm users by leading them to click on links or buy items they don't want.	crash blossom	Explain crash blossom (machine learning) using an analogy.
A critic in machine learning is like a teacher. The critic provides feedback to the learner so that it can learn how to improve its performance.	critic	Explain critic (machine learning) using an analogy.
A critic in machine learning is a program that evaluates the performance of another program (the learner) by comparing its output to some reference value. The critic can be used to help improve the learner's accuracy over time, or to choose which learning algorithm is most appropriate for a given task. Critics can be implemented using a variety of different algorithms, including but not limited to Bayesian inference, gradient descent, and support vector machines	critic	Explain critic (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of the critic as a teacher, they are constantly giving feedback to the learner (the student) on their progress. The goal of the critic is to help the learner improve and reach their full potential.	critic	Explain critic (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for a critic in machine learning is an editor of a newspaper. The editor's job is to review articles before they are published and make sure that they meet the publication's standards. They may also suggest changes to improve the article. In the same way, a critic in machine learning reviews data before it is used in training a model and makes suggestions for improving the accuracy of the model.	critic	Explain critic (machine learning) using an analogy.
A critic in machine learning is similar to a teacher. A critic can help learners learn from their mistakes and improve their performance.	critic	Explain critic (machine learning) using an analogy.
Cross-entropy is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm can predict the correct label for a given input. In other words, it's a measure of how close the predicted labels are to the actual labels. Cross-entropy can be thought of as a "cost function" or "loss function".	cross-entropy	Explain cross-entropy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Cross entropy is a measure of how close two probability distributions are. It can be thought of as the distance between two points on a graph.	cross-entropy	Explain cross-entropy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Cross-entropy is like a school exam where you have to get a certain percentage of questions correct in order to pass. The questions are like the features of the data, and getting them right (or close to right) is important for the success of your machine learning algorithm.	cross-entropy	Explain cross-entropy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Cross entropy is a measure of how different one probability distribution is from another. It can be thought of as the number of bits needed to encode the first distribution in such a way that it is as similar as possible to the second distribution.	cross-entropy	Explain cross-entropy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Cross-entropy is a measure of how surprised a machine learning algorithm is by the training data. It's analogous to the surprise a human would feel if they were shown a series of random images and then asked to predict which one came next.	cross-entropy	Explain cross-entropy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Cross-validation is a technique used in machine learning to assess the accuracy of a model. The technique divides the data into two parts: a training set and a validation set. The model is trained on the training set and then evaluated on the validation set. This process is repeated multiple times, with different splits of the data, to get an estimate of how accurate the model is.	cross-validation	Explain cross-validation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Cross-validation is a technique used in machine learning to estimate the accuracy of a model. It works by splitting the data into two parts: the training set and the test set. The training set is used to train the model, and the test set is used to evaluate its accuracy. This process is then repeated multiple times, with different splits of the data, to get a more accurate estimate of the model's accuracy.	cross-validation	Explain cross-validation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Cross-validation is a technique used in machine learning to estimate the accuracy of a model. It works by splitting the data into two parts, training set and validation set. The model is trained on the training set and then tested on the validation set. This process is repeated multiple times, with different splits of the data, to get an estimate of how accurate the model is.	cross-validation	Explain cross-validation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Cross-validation can be thought of as a “training set” for models that have been fit on other data. The idea behind cross-validation is to randomly divide your data into two or more parts, using one part to train the model and the other(s) to test it. This way you can estimate how well the model will perform on new data.	cross-validation	Explain cross-validation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Cross-validation is a technique for assessing the accuracy of machine learning models. It works by splitting the data into two sets: a training set and a validation set. The training set is used to train the model, while the validation set is used to assess its accuracy. This process is repeated many times, with different random splits of the data each time. By comparing the performance of the model on the validation set to that on the training set, we can estimate how accurate it will be in practice.	cross-validation	Explain cross-validation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Data analysis is like a detective. The detective looks at clues to figure out what happened. Data analysis is the same way. It looks at data to try and figure out what happened. Machine learning is like the detective's assistant. It helps the detective by sorting through all of the clues and finding patterns.	data analysis	Explain data analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a fitness coach. It observes how you train and what results you achieve, then provides feedback to help improve your performance.	data analysis	Explain data analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a fitness coach. It observes your behavior patterns and provides feedback on what you can do to improve.	data analysis	Explain data analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let’s say you have a big box of Legos. You can build anything you want with them. But it would take you a long time to figure out how to build something cool on your own. However, if you watch someone else do it first, or even just see pictures of what others have built, it will be much easier for you to create something awesome yourself. That is the basic idea behind machine learning or data analysis. By using algorithms that “learn” from example data, computers can quickly and efficiently find patterns in large data sets. This allows businesses and organizations to make better predictions about the future, identify trends, and improve their products and services	data analysis	Explain data analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of data as being like rocks, then analysis is like a rock tumbler. Tumbling the rocks around in the machine wears them down and smoothes out their surfaces. Analysis does something similar to data: it smooths out the inconsistencies and irregularities, making it easier to understand and work with.	data analysis	Explain data analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of data augmentation is as if you have a room full of photos of people. In order to increase the size of your training set, you might take some of the photos and enlarge them, or you might add a copy of each photo that has been flipped horizontally. This would be like augmenting your data set by increasing the number of examples, making it more varied, and potentially improving the quality of your predictions.	data augmentation	Explain data augmentation (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of data augmentation is as a turbocharger for your car. It's an enhancement that can help make your engine run more efficiently by providing it with more air. In the same way, data augmentation can help machine learning algorithms running on training data perform better when applied to new data.	data augmentation	Explain data augmentation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Augmenting data means adding more information to it. This can be done in various ways, but the most common is to add artificial data that has been generated by a computer. This helps to improve the performance of machine learning algorithms, because they have access to more training examples which makes them better at generalising and recognising patterns.	data augmentation	Explain data augmentation (machine learning) using an analogy.
The process of data augmentation can be thought of as a way to "fatten up" your training data set. This is done by artificially adding new, synthetic data points to the set. These new points are generated in such a way that they are similar to the original points in the set, but not exactly the same. This serves two purposes: first, it helps to ensure that the learning algorithm has enough data to learn from; and second, it helps to prevent over-fitting on any one subset of data.	data augmentation	Explain data augmentation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Data augmentation is a technique used in machine learning to improve the performance of algorithms by increasing the amount of training data. It works by artificially augmenting or altering the original data set in order to create new examples that can be used for training. This can be done by adding noise, perturbing images, or rotating and flipping elements of data sets. By doing this, more diverse and representative data sets can be created which leads to better trained models.	data augmentation	Explain data augmentation (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you imagine a room with different areas described by different colors, the decision boundary would be like a door that separates one color area from another. If you stand in front of the door, it will decide whether or not to let you into the other color area.	decision boundary	Explain decision boundary (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decision boundary is like a fence. It is used to separate things that are different from each other. In machine learning, it is used to separate data that has been classified into different categories.	decision boundary	Explain decision boundary (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decision boundary is like a fence that separates one group of animals from another. It's the line that determines which animals will be classified as part of one group or the other.	decision boundary	Explain decision boundary (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decision boundary can be thought of as a fence between two areas. In the context of machine learning, it would be used to separate data that is considered to be "in" or "out" of a category, depending on whether or not it meets certain criteria set by the algorithm.	decision boundary	Explain decision boundary (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decision boundary is like a fence. It's purpose is to separate one area from another. In the case of machine learning, it would be used to separate data that has been correctly classified from data that has not been correctly classified.	decision boundary	Explain decision boundary (machine learning) using an analogy.
Decision threshold is the point at which a machine learning algorithm decides whether or not to classify an input as belonging to a particular category. In other words, it is the point at which the algorithm determines whether or not there is enough evidence to say that a given input belongs to a certain class. For example, imagine you are trying to teach your computer how to distinguish between cats and dogs. You would create two separate classes (cats and dogs), and then create training data for each class. The decision threshold would be the point at which the computer decides whether or not an image contains a cat or dog.	decision threshold	Explain decision threshold (machine learning) using an analogy.
The decision threshold is the point at which a machine learning algorithm decides whether or not to classify an input as belonging to a particular category. In other words, it's the cutoff point that separates data points that the algorithm decided were most likely to have come from one category versus another.	decision threshold	Explain decision threshold (machine learning) using an analogy.
The decision threshold is like a fence that the machine learning algorithm uses to determine whether or not to classify an observation as belonging to a certain category. The fence determines how sure the algorithm needs to be before it will consider an observation as being part of a particular category.	decision threshold	Explain decision threshold (machine learning) using an analogy.
Threshold is the point at which a machine learning model begins to classify an input as belonging to a certain category. For example, if you are using a machine learning algorithm to distinguish between dogs and cats, you might set the threshold at 70% - meaning that any input with a score above 70% on the algorithm's classification scale will be classified as a dog, while anything below that cutoff will be classified as a cat.	decision threshold	Explain decision threshold (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, a decision threshold is the point at which a machine decides whether to take an action or not. For example, imagine you are playing blackjack and your opponent has 16. If you have 17 or more, you would want to hit (take another card). However, if you have 16 or less, you would want to stand (not take another card). In this case, the decision threshold is when your hand reaches 17 - the point at which it's better for you to hit than stand.	decision threshold	Explain decision threshold (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decision tree is like a flowchart. It helps you to work out the best decision to make, based on what you know.	decision tree	Explain decision tree (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decision tree is like a flow chart that helps you make decisions. It has different branches, and each branch leads to a different decision. You can use a decision tree to figure out what to do if something happens.	decision tree	Explain decision tree (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decision tree is like a flowchart that helps you make decisions. It starts with a question, and then asks a series of questions that will help you find the answer.	decision tree	Explain decision tree (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decision tree is a flowchart-like diagram that helps sort out complex problems step by step. The first step (the root of the tree) is to identify the problem. Once you know what the problem is, you can start working your way down the tree, taking one specific action to solve it.	decision tree	Explain decision tree (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decision tree is a bit like a flowchart. It helps you to make decisions by walking you through a list of questions. The questions are designed to help you narrow down your options until you reach the best possible decision.	decision tree	Explain decision tree (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep model is like a human brain where each layer of neurons processes information and passes it on to the next layer. The deep model can learn how to recognize features in data and group them together, just like our brains do.	deep model	Explain deep model (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for deep learning is that it is like a large jigsaw puzzle. At the start, there are lots of pieces and it's difficult to see the big picture. However, as you keep working on the puzzle, more and more pieces fall into place and the image becomes clearer. With enough data and training, deep learning algorithms can figure out how all the individual pieces fit together to create a complete model of whatever task they're trying to learn.	deep model	Explain deep model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A deep model is like a black box. You can put data in, and the machine learning algorithm inside will learn from it and produce outputs. You won’t know how it works on a low level, but you will see that it produces very accurate results.	deep model	Explain deep model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep learning is similar to the way humans learn. The brain has a large number of neurons that are interconnected. Each neuron can be connected to many other neurons. When you see or experience something, your brain processes the information and stores it in memory. As you learn more, the connections between neurons grow stronger. Deep learning algorithms work in a similar way. They have a large number of processing nodes that are interconnected. As they learn, the connections between nodes get stronger	deep model	Explain deep model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning algorithms can be thought of as a deep model of the data. The input is the data, and the output is a prediction or classification. The algorithm "learns" by adjusting its internal parameters so that it can predict the correct output more accurately.	deep model	Explain deep model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decoder is like a teacher. The teacher explains what the student needs to learn and how they can best learn it.	decoder	Explain decoder (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decoder is like a translator between two languages. It takes input in one language and produces output in another language.	decoder	Explain decoder (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decoder is like a teacher. The teacher can look at a student's work and help them understand what they did wrong and how to improve next time. A decoder does the same thing with machine learning models - it looks at the mistakes the model made, and helps it learn from those mistakes so it can do better next time.	decoder	Explain decoder (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning decoder can be thought of as a turbocharger for your car. A turbocharger helps make the engine more powerful by forcing extra air into the cylinders. This allows the engine to burn more fuel, resulting in increased performance. In much the same way, a machine learning decoder helps improve the performance of your AI model by boosting its ability to learn from data.	decoder	Explain decoder (machine learning) using an analogy.
A decoder is like a car's transmission. It takes the power from the engine and converts it into motion that can drive the wheels. In machine learning, a decoder is a neural network that transforms an input vector into an output vector.	decoder	Explain decoder (machine learning) using an analogy.
A deep neural network is a bit like the human brain. It has many layers of interconnected processing nodes, and can learn to recognize patterns of input data (like images or sound) by adjusting the strengths of its connections.	deep neural network	Explain deep neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
In simple terms, think of a deep neural network as thousands and thousands of very thin straws all dipped in the same color paint. Now imagine you wanted to make a red dot on a white piece of paper. Each straw represents how one neuron in the deep neural network is trying to create the red dot. Some neurons will be more successful than others, but by pooling all of their efforts together, you can eventually create a pretty good approximation of a red dot (even if it’s not perfect).	deep neural network	Explain deep neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep neural networks are a little like the human brain. They are made up of lots of interconnected processing nodes, and they can learn to recognize patterns of input data. Just as our brains learn to recognize different shapes and objects, deep neural networks can learn to recognize different patterns in data.	deep neural network	Explain deep neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A deep neural network is like a very advanced and sophisticated filter. When you feed it data, it can "learn" to recognize patterns in that data. It can then use those patterns to make predictions about new data.	deep neural network	Explain deep neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep neural networks are a bit like the human brain. They can learn to recognize patterns of input data, and then they can use that knowledge to make predictions about new data.	deep neural network	Explain deep neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A deep q-network can be thought of as a very good teacher. If you want to learn something, the deep q-network will give you feedback on your performance and provide tips for how to improve. Over time, you will get better and better at whatever it is you are trying to learn.	deep q-network (dqn)	Explain deep q-network (dqn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep q-network is like a human brain. It can learn how to do things by itself by adjusting its own internal settings, just like a human brain adjusts the strength of its connections as it learns new tasks.	deep q-network (dqn)	Explain deep q-network (dqn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Deep q-network (dqn) is a machine learning algorithm that uses a deep neural network to approximate the Q function, which is used in reinforcement learning. The algorithm works by first training a deep neural network on a set of training data. Once the network is trained, it can be used to predict the Q value for any given state and action pair.	deep q-network (dqn)	Explain deep q-network (dqn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A deep q-network is a machine learning algorithm that uses a neural network to approximate the Q function. This allows it to learn how to make better decisions in complex scenarios.	deep q-network (dqn)	Explain deep q-network (dqn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A deep q-network (dqn) is a computer system that uses machine learning to enable it to learn how to play complex games, such as Go and Atari 2600 games. It does this by breaking the game down into small chunks, or layers, and then training itself on how best to play the game by using feedback from earlier iterations of playing the game. This allows the dqn to get better at playing the game with each attempt, much in the same way that humans do.	deep q-network (dqn)	Explain deep q-network (dqn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Demographic parity is a concept in machine learning that ensures the training and testing sets used to train a model are representative of the population from which the data was sampled. This is important because it helps ensure that the model will be able to generalize well to new data. Imagine if you were trying to learn about people's favorite colors by asking just men or just women. Your sample would not be representative of the population, so your conclusions about people's favorite colors would not be accurate.	demographic parity	Explain demographic parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Demographic parity is similar to the concept of marital parity, which is the idea that men and women should be represented in equal numbers in all areas of society. In a world with demographic parity, there would be an equal number of male and female doctors, lawyers, politicians, etc.	demographic parity	Explain demographic parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Demographic parity is a state in which there are an equal number of men and women in a population. It can be thought of as similar to the concept of “machine learning”, where the algorithm is able to learn how to perform desired tasks by itself, without needing manual input.	demographic parity	Explain demographic parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Demographic parity is the concept that a machine learning algorithm achieves the same results when applied to different data sets. This is analogous to two people being of equal weight, even if they have different body types.	demographic parity	Explain demographic parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Demographic parity is a term often used in machine learning to describe the point at which the performance of a machine learning algorithm is equal between genders. This occurs when the algorithm has been trained on datasets with an equal distribution of male and female examples.	demographic parity	Explain demographic parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine that you are trying to watch a movie on your computer, but the video is very pixelated and unclear. Denoising is a technique that can be used to clean up the image and make it clearer. It works by identifying patterns in the noisy image and then using those patterns to fill in the missing information. This makes the image look smoother and less pixelated.	denoising	Explain denoising (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are in a room with many people talking. You can't hear anything because the noise is too loud. Now imagine someone hands you a pair of headphones and turns on a machine that cleans up the sound. Denoising is like turning on that machine - it cleans up the noise so you can hear what's going on better.	denoising	Explain denoising (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for denoising is that it is like cleaning a dirty window. The goal is to remove the noise (dirt and smudges) from the window so that you can see through it clearly. Denoising algorithms try to do the same thing for images and other types of data: remove the noise so that the underlying signal or information is more visible.	denoising	Explain denoising (machine learning) using an analogy.
Denoising is a machine learning technique used to remove noise from data. It works by identifying and removing patterns in the data that are not caused by the underlying signal. Denoising can be thought of as a form of statistical filtering that cleans up noisy data so it can be more accurately analyzed.	denoising	Explain denoising (machine learning) using an analogy.
Denoising is like cleaning up a messy room. It's the process of removing noise from a signal in order to make it more clear.	denoising	Explain denoising (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dense feature is the equivalent of giving a person a lot of information to remember. For example, if you wanted to teach someone all about your family, you would provide them with a lot of dense features (e.g., name, age, relationship to you). This would allow them to learn everything they need to know about your family without forgetting any important details. In machine learning, dense features are used to encode as much information as possible into each individual data point. This allows for more accurate predictions and modeling when training models on data sets.	dense feature	Explain dense feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dense feature is a type of machine learning algorithm that operates on a high-dimensional input space. It uses an iterative process to reduce the dimensionality of the data while preserving important information. This allows it to identify patterns and relationships that would be hidden in lower-dimensional data sets.	dense feature	Explain dense feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
A dense feature is like a high-resolution image. It contains more information than a low-resolution image, and it can be used to create more accurate models.	dense feature	Explain dense feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dense features are similar to high-resolution images. They contain a lot of detail and can be used to identify specific objects or trends with a high degree of accuracy. In machine learning, dense features are used to create classifiers that can distinguish between different types of data with great precision.	dense feature	Explain dense feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dense feature is like a library where each book has its own unique identifying number.	dense feature	Explain dense feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dense layer is a group of neurons in a deep learning network. The purpose of the dense layer is to take the output from the previous layer and create a more complex representation of the input.	dense layer	Explain dense layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A dense layer is a type of neural network layer that calculates the output for each neuron by summing the inputs from all of its neighbors.	dense layer	Explain dense layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for a 'dense layer' in a machine learning algorithm is to think of it as a set of walls that the learner must navigate its way around. The learner starts off at one end of the room (the input), and must find its way to the other end (the output) by traversing through all of the walls. Each wall represents a different layer in the network, with each layer being made up of neurons that are connected to other layers.	dense layer	Explain dense layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A dense layer is a layer of neurons in a machine learning model. Just like the neurons in your brain, these neurons can process information and make decisions.	dense layer	Explain dense layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A layer of paint is dense if there is a lot of it packed into a small space. This might make it difficult to see what's underneath. In the same way, when data is densely packed into a small number of layers in a machine learning algorithm, it becomes difficult for the algorithm to "see" patterns and learn from them.	dense layer	Explain dense layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Depth (machine learning) is similar to how humans learn. We receive input from our environment and then analyze that information using previously learned knowledge. With depth, a machine learning algorithm can receive input in the form of data features and use higher-level features to understand patterns in the data.	depth	Explain depth (machine learning) using an analogy.
Depth in machine learning is analogous to the depth of water. The deeper the water, the more information and data can be gleaned from it. Similarly, with increasing depth in machine learning algorithms, more and more sophisticated models can be learned from data.	depth	Explain depth (machine learning) using an analogy.
Depth in machine learning is similar to depth in a physical world. Just as the distance between two objects affects how we interact with them, the depth of data (or features) in a machine learning algorithm affects the performance of the algorithm. The deeper the data, or more features that are included, the better the algorithm will be at discriminating between different patterns.	depth	Explain depth (machine learning) using an analogy.
Depth in machine learning is similar to the depth of a human. It is the number of layers in a neural network.	depth	Explain depth (machine learning) using an analogy.
Depth is a measure of how far away a feature is from the surface. The further away a feature is, the more important it is.	depth	Explain depth (machine learning) using an analogy.
Depthwise separable convolutional neural networks are similar to regular convolutional neural networks, except that the layers within a depthwise separable convolutional neural network can be trained and operated independently of one another. This makes them easier to configure and train than traditionalconvolutional neural networks.	depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn)	Explain depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) is a machine learning algorithm that can be used to improve the performance of deep neural networks. It works by breaking down the input data into smaller pieces, which are then processed separately. The results are then combined to produce a final output. This approach can improve performance because it allows each layer of the network to operate independently, resulting in a more efficient overall system.	depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn)	Explain depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) is a machine learning algorithm that uses a deep, hierarchical structure to learn representations of data at multiple levels of abstraction. It can be thought of as an extension of the fully connected layer in a traditional neural network, which is able to learn features from data with a single level of depth. The secnn adds more layers, each of which can learn its own features. This allows the network to better represent complex patterns in data and improve performance on tasks like object recognition and classification.	depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn)	Explain depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) is like a regular deep learning neural network, but it is composed of two separate networks: a convolutional layer and a fully connected layer. The convolutional layer performs the initial feature extraction, while the fully connected layer performs the final task of classifying or predicting outcomes. This architecture can improve performance because it allows each network to specialize in its own tasks.	depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn)	Explain depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Depthwise separable convolutional neural networks are a type of deep learning network that are composed of multiple, shallowconvolutional layers that are separated by fully connected layers. This structure allows each layer to be trained independently, which can improve the speed and accuracy of training.	depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn)	Explain depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimension reduction is a process of reducing the number of dimensions in a dataset. This can be done by either feature extraction or feature selection. Feature extraction extracts specific features from the data, while feature selection chooses only a subset of the original features to keep.	dimension reduction	Explain dimension reduction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimension reduction is like packing a suitcase for a trip. You have to think about what you need and what will fit in the bag. You can't take everything, so you have to choose wisely. The same is true for data. You can't take every piece of information into account when making decisions, so you need to find a way to reduce the number of dimensions (or variables) in order to make sense of it all.	dimension reduction	Explain dimension reduction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimension reduction is like getting a smaller, more manageable version of a jigsaw puzzle. In the full puzzle, there are many pieces and it's difficult to see the big picture. But when you reduce the number of pieces, it becomes easier to make out the image and find where each piece goes.	dimension reduction	Explain dimension reduction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimension reduction is like cutting down a tree. You can reduce the amount of work you have to do by cutting off some of the branches. This is similar to reducing the number of dimensions in your data set.	dimension reduction	Explain dimension reduction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimension reduction is like squeezing a huge pile of clothes into a small suitcase. You can do this by folding and packing the clothes tightly, or by cutting them down to a smaller size. In machine learning, dimension reduction is a technique for reducing the number of dimensions in a data set while preserving most of its information. This is done by transforming the data set into a new space with fewer dimensions, usually using some type of mathematical function known as an orthogonal transformation.	dimension reduction	Explain dimension reduction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimensions are like the different colors of paint in a paint set. In order to create a painting, you need to select the right colors and mix them together in the right proportions. The same is true for machine learning: you need to select the right algorithms and parameters, and then combine them together in the right way.	dimensions	Explain dimensions (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimensions are similar to the dimensions of a room. Just as you can measure the width, height, and depth of a room, you can also measure the number of features (dimensions), the size of each feature, and the distance between features in a machine learning dataset.	dimensions	Explain dimensions (machine learning) using an analogy.
A dimension is a measure of how much information is in a set of data. It can be thought of as the number of different colors you would need to paint all the points in a scatterplot. The more dimensions, the more information there is in the data.	dimensions	Explain dimensions (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of dimensions is in terms of colors. A one-dimensional space would be a world with only black and white, while a two-dimensional space would be like a piece of paper with different colors spread out on it. You can move around on the paper by walking from one color to another, but you can't go "behind" the colors or see what's happening "above" them. Similarly, in a three-dimensional space you could walk around in all directions and view everything from every angle, just as if you were really there.	dimensions	Explain dimensions (machine learning) using an analogy.
Dimensions are like the different colors in a crayon box. The more colors you have, the more possibilities there are for what you can create. In the same way, machine learning algorithms with more dimensions can learn more complex patterns.	dimensions	Explain dimensions (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about discrete features is in terms of variables. In mathematics, a variable is a letter that represents an unknown quantity. So for example, if you are solving for x in the equation 2x + 5 = 11, x is a variable because it stands for an unknown number.In machine learning, discrete features are like variables too. They represent unknown quantities or properties of data points that we want to learn more about. By understanding the values of these features, we can improve our ability to predict future events or outcomes.	discrete feature	Explain discrete feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
A discrete feature is like a light switch. It can be either on or off, and it doesn't have any other states in between.	discrete feature	Explain discrete feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
A discrete feature is a bit like having a light switch in your house. It can be either on or off, but it can't be anything in between.	discrete feature	Explain discrete feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
A discrete feature is a bit like turning on or off a light switch. It's either on (1) or off (0).	discrete feature	Explain discrete feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Discrete feature is similar to the different colors in a rainbow. Each color is discrete and can be individually identified. In machine learning, each data point (example) has its own unique set of features that can be used to identify it.	discrete feature	Explain discrete feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
A discriminative model is like a police officer who can recognize a criminal suspect from a photo. The machine learning algorithm is able to learn the distinguishing features of a target group, such as criminals, and then identify similar individuals in new data sets.	discriminative model	Explain discriminative model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A discriminative model is like a police detective who can look at fingerprints to identify suspects. The detective can see the patterns in the fingerprints and use them to identify criminals. A discriminative model works in a similar way. It can look at data and find patterns that allow it to distinguish between different groups of data.	discriminative model	Explain discriminative model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Discriminative models are similar to a teacher in the sense that they can identify specific objects or traits and then provide feedback on how well a student is performing. In machine learning, discriminative models are used to distinguish between different categories of data, such as identifying spam emails versus legitimate messages.	discriminative model	Explain discriminative model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A discriminative model can be thought of as a decoder ring. It takes an input, such as a letter, and tells you the corresponding letter that is supposed to go with it.	discriminative model	Explain discriminative model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A discriminative model is like a human being that can learn to distinguish between different types of objects. For example, a person can be taught to recognize different kinds of animals, flowers, and cars. Once they have learned these distinctions, they can identify objects in pictures or videos as belonging to one category or another. A discriminative machine learning model works in a similar way, by using data to learn how to distinguish between different categories of things.	discriminative model	Explain discriminative model (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of the discriminator is as a judge in a beauty contest. The discriminator can look at two contestants and decide which one is more attractive.	discriminator	Explain discriminator (machine learning) using an analogy.
A discriminator is like a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer's job is to decide who gets into the club and who doesn't. The discriminator in machine learning is used to determine whether an input belongs to a particular category or not.	discriminator	Explain discriminator (machine learning) using an analogy.
A discriminator is a machine learning algorithm that is used to distinguish between different classes of objects. It can be thought of as a kind of sorter that separates items into categories based on their features.	discriminator	Explain discriminator (machine learning) using an analogy.
The discriminator in machine learning is analogous to a bouncer at a nightclub. The bouncer's job is to determine who gets into the club and who doesn't. They use their knowledge of what people look like to decide which guests are welcome and which ones should be turned away. In the same way, the discriminator in machine learning uses its knowledge of how different data looks to decide which inputs belong together and which ones don't.	discriminator	Explain discriminator (machine learning) using an analogy.
A discriminator is like a bouncer at a club. They are responsible for determining who gets in and who doesn’t. In the context of machine learning, the discriminator is responsible for distinguishing between different categories of data, such as images of animals and images of plants.	discriminator	Explain discriminator (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you have a machine learning algorithm that is designed to identify images of cats, and it is given a set of 20,000 images, 10,000 of which are cat pictures and 10,000 of which are not, the algorithm will be "tuned" to correctly identify cats in 98% of the pictures. However, if you then show the machine another 1,000 images - 500 of which are cat pictures and 500 of which are not - the accuracy rate will drop to only 95%. This occurs because while the algorithm has been trained on a large dataset featuring both types of image (cats and non-cats), when faced with new data it is less effective at differentiating between categories that were not included in its original training set. In other words, while the overall accuracy rate remains high (95%), there is now an increased disparity or difference in accuracy rates between those identified as cats (98%) and those that are not (92%).	disparate impact	Explain disparate impact (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you were to use a machine learning algorithm to predict whether someone would like a new book, and the only data point you had was their age, then using a machine learning algorithm that is biased against young people could lead to inaccurate predictions. This would be an example of disparate impact, where a decision or action has a disproportionate negative effect on members of a protected class.	disparate impact	Explain disparate impact (machine learning) using an analogy.
Disparate impact is when a system or process has a disproportionately negative effect on a particular group of people. An analogy for this would be if there was a machine that only selected white people to work in it, even though the machine could theoretically function with any race of person. The machine would have a disparate impact on black people, since they are less likely to be chosen by it.	disparate impact	Explain disparate impact (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of a machine learning algorithm as a set of rules, then disparate impact would be when those rules result in some people being treated differently than others. An analogy might be to imagine that you have a rule that says everyone has to wear green shirts on Tuesdays. If someone shows up wearing a red shirt, they will be treated differently (i.e., they will have to change their shirt).	disparate impact	Explain disparate impact (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you have a dish of candy, and you want to find the red M&M’s, you could randomly pick out candies until you found one. This would be like brute force search. Alternatively, you could shake the dish and see where the red M&M’s fall. This would be like using a machine learning algorithm to identify the red M&M’s. The machine learning algorithm is smarter because it can learn from past experience (the location of other red M&M’s in the dish).	disparate impact	Explain disparate impact (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you have a bunch of apples and some are green and some are red, then you can tell the difference between the two colors. However, if you have a white apple among the group, it will be harder to determine its color because it doesn't stand out. In the same way, machine learning can use data to distinguish between different types of objects (e.g. green apples and red apples), but when there is an unusual object in the set (a white apple), it becomes more difficult for the machine to accurately categorize it.	disparate treatment	Explain disparate treatment (machine learning) using an analogy.
Disparate treatment is like a human decision maker who is biased against certain groups of people. This can happen unintentionally or purposefully. The human decision maker might only consider some factors when making a decision, such as race, age, or gender, and not others. As a result, people in the disadvantaged group are more likely to be treated unfairly.	disparate treatment	Explain disparate treatment (machine learning) using an analogy.
If disparate treatment is a machine learning algorithm, then the input data would be the training set. The algorithm would learn from this data and create a model that can be used to predict whether an individual belongs to a particular group (e.g. male or female). The model would then be tested on a separate dataset (the validation set) to see how well it performs.	disparate treatment	Explain disparate treatment (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you want to get a job as a cashier at a grocery store, you will likely have to go through an interview process. However, if you want to be the manager of that same grocery store, you likely will not have to go through an interview process. This is an example of disparate treatment - the different treatment of two individuals who are similarly situated. In this analogy, being a cashier is like using a machine learning algorithm, and being the manager is like having human input in the decision-making process.	disparate treatment	Explain disparate treatment (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you are learning to ride a bike, you might be given different instructions depending on your gender. If you are male, you might be told to "push down on the pedals" and if you are female, you might be told to "use your legs". This would be an example of disparate treatment.	disparate treatment	Explain disparate treatment (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about divisive clustering is as a way of separating a bunch of Jelly Beans into different colors. You can start by putting all the beans in a pile and picking out the ones that are red. Then you put those beans aside, and pick out the ones that are blue. Next, you put the blue beans aside and pick out the ones that are green. Finally, you put the green beans aside and pick out the ones that are yellow. This process is similar to what divisive clustering does with data: it takes a big group of data points and splits them up into smaller groups (clusters).	divisive clustering	Explain divisive clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of divisive clustering is as a way of chopping up a big group of things into smaller, more manageable groups. Imagine that you have a bunch of different kinds of fruit - apples, oranges, bananas, etc. You can put all the fruit together in one big pile, or you can chop it up into smaller piles according to type. The latter option makes it easier for you to find the specific type of fruit you're looking for. It's the same idea with divisive clustering: by dividing data into smaller clusters, we make it easier to find patterns and understand how each cluster behaves separately from the others.	divisive clustering	Explain divisive clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are at a party and there are several groups of people talking. You might wander over to one group, then notice another group that looks more interesting, so you wander over to that group. Eventually, you find yourself in a small cluster of people who all seem to be getting along well. This is an example of divisive clustering. In machine learning, divisive clustering is the process of dividing a set of data into smaller clusters. This is done by finding the smallest subset of data that can be divided into two clusters without any members being left out.	divisive clustering	Explain divisive clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of divisive clustering is that it is like a party game where people are asked to split into groups. In the context of machine learning, this would mean that the computer program is looking for natural groupings within a data set and then separating those data points into different clusters.	divisive clustering	Explain divisive clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of divisive clustering is as "slicing and dicing" a large list of items into smaller, more manageable groups. You can imagine that the larger list is a pile of fruits and vegetables, and the goal of divisive clustering is to divide them into individual piles according to their type. For example, you might end up with separate piles for apples, oranges, bananas, etc.	divisive clustering	Explain divisive clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Downsampling is the process of reducing the number of points in a vector or array. This can be done, for example, by taking every other point in the sequence. Downsampling is used to improve performance when working with large data sets. It can also be used to reduce memory usage and processing time.	downsampling	Explain downsampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Downsampling is a technique used in machine learning for reducing the number of training samples while preserving as much information as possible. It is analogous to throwing away some of the data in a set in order to make it easier to work with. Downsampled data can be used for tasks such as creating smaller datasets for training models or estimating model accuracy on a subset of the original data.	downsampling	Explain downsampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Downsampling is like when you take a picture with your phone, and it saves the image as a lower resolution. Downsampling in machine learning happens when we reduce the number of training examples used to learn from. This can be helpful because it makes our algorithms faster and more accurate.	downsampling	Explain downsampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Downsampling is a process of reducing the number of Training Data Points (x’s) used in a machine learning algorithm. It can be thought of as analogous to filtering water from a stream. In the context of data pre-processing, downsampling is often used to reduce the size and complexity of input data sets before training deep neural networks.	downsampling	Explain downsampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Downsampling is a technique for reducing the number of samples in a digital signal. Downsampling can be done by taking every Nth sample from a given set of data, or by averaging together multiple samples to create each new one. Downsampling can be thought of as analogous to zooming in on a picture; when you zoom in, the individual pixels that make up the image become larger, and more detail is visible. When you downsample an image, you are doing the opposite—zooming out so that fewer pixels are used to represent the image. This reduces the amount of information in the image, but it also decreases its file size.	downsampling	Explain downsampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let’s say you want to learn how to ride a bike. A very simple approach would be to just keep trying until you manage to stay on the bike for a certain period of time. This is analogous to Qlearning or reinforcement learning where an agent tries something, gets feedback on whether it was successful or not, and then adjusts its strategy accordingly. However, this approach can be quite slow and inefficient. A more sophisticated method would be first to watch someone else ride a bike, and then copy their motions. This is analogous to deep learning or supervised learning where we are given training data in order to learn how to perform some task.	dqn	Explain dqn (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for DQN is a very experienced human driver. Suppose you want to learn how to drive. You could sit in the passenger seat next to an experienced driver and watch what they do, then try it yourself. This is analogous to using a DQN algorithm – you can let a machine learning algorithm watch examples of good behaviour (driving), and then it will try to reproduce that behaviour itself.	dqn	Explain dqn (machine learning) using an analogy.
DQN is a type of machine learning algorithm that tries to replicate the workings of the human brain, with the ultimate goal of achieving artificial intelligence. It does this by breaking down tasks into a series of smaller steps, and then training itself on lots of data so that it can learn how to complete those steps more efficiently.	dqn	Explain dqn (machine learning) using an analogy.
A person who is learning to drive a car may start out by following someone else's driving instructions (a teacher or parent). After some practice, the student will likely start making small mistakes but can correct them using what they learned from following the instructions. Over time, with more practice, the student will make fewer and fewer mistakes until eventually they can drive without any assistance. A deep Q-network (DQN) is a machine learning algorithm that works in a similar way: it uses a neural network to learn how to play a game by observing how other people play it (i.e., via self-play or experience replay), then gradually adjusting its own strategy based on feedback from each iteration of gameplay.	dqn	Explain dqn (machine learning) using an analogy.
A dqn is like a very smart personal assistant. It can learn about your habits and preferences over time, so it can provide you with recommendations or suggestions that are tailored to you.	dqn	Explain dqn (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for early stopping is to imagine you are in a casino and have been playing blackjack all night. You are up a lot of money, so you decide to quit while you’re ahead. This is similar to what early stopping does in machine learning- it prevents the algorithm from continuing to learn more about the data set after it has already found a good solution.	early stopping	Explain early stopping (machine learning) using an analogy.
If we are cooking a soup and realize that it is not going to turn out well, we might stop cooking it early. This corresponds to early stopping in machine learning, where we decide to stop training the model because it is not performing well.	early stopping	Explain early stopping (machine learning) using an analogy.
Early stopping is a technique used in machine learning to prevent overfitting. It works by monitoring the performance of a model as it trains, and stopping when the model starts to perform worse than it did at the beginning of training. This prevents the model from becoming too specialized to the data set on which it is trained, and allows it to generalize better to new data.	early stopping	Explain early stopping (machine learning) using an analogy.
In a nutshell, early stopping is like quitting a job when you've already earned more money than you need. It's a way of preventing your algorithm from "overfitting" the training data—that is, from learning too much about the quirks and randomness of the data set it was trained on, and not enough about the general patterns that exist in the real-world problem domain.To continue with our analogy, imagine that you're learning to play tennis by practicing against a wall. At first, every swing results in the ball hitting the wall; but as you keep practicing, you start to learn how to hit the ball in certain directions and at certain speeds. If you practice against the wall forever (i.e., never take your skills out onto an actual court), then your ability to play tennis will be completely useless once you step onto an actual tennis court. Early stopping prevents your algorithm from becoming too good at playing against that particular dataset—it makes sure that your algorithm can still perform well when faced with new data sets (in other words, data sets that are different from anything it has seen before).	early stopping	Explain early stopping (machine learning) using an analogy.
Early stopping is a machine learning technique that prevents a learning algorithm from overfitting the training data. It does this by keeping track of how well the algorithm is doing on held-out (test) data, and stopping when it starts doing too poorly. This analogy might help to understand what early stopping is trying to achieve: imagine you are cooking a recipe for your friends. You want them to be able to enjoy the dish not only tonight, but also in future meals. To make sure the dish turns out well each time, you taste it along the way and stop adding ingredients when it reaches its perfect flavor.	early stopping	Explain early stopping (machine learning) using an analogy.
The Earth Mover's Distance (EMD) is a machine learning algorithm used to measure the dissimilarity between two distributions. It can be thought of as the cost of moving earth from one distribution to another.	earth mover's distance (emd)	Explain earth mover's distance (emd) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The earth mover's distance is a measure of how different two distributions are. It can be thought of as the shortest path between two points on a graph, where the path is made up of the moves that would be required to transform one distribution into the other.	earth mover's distance (emd)	Explain earth mover's distance (emd) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The earth mover's distance (emd) between two points on a graph is the length of the shortest path that can be traced from one point to the other, while moving only along the edges of the graph. It can be thought of as a measure of how far apart two points are in terms of how much work it would take to move them.	earth mover's distance (emd)	Explain earth mover's distance (emd) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Earth mover's distance (emd) is a measure of how different two probability distributions are. It can be thought of as the "distance" between two sets of points in n-dimensional space, where each point in one set corresponds to a particular instance from the other set.	earth mover's distance (emd)	Explain earth mover's distance (emd) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Earth Mover's Distance is a metric used in machine learning to compare the similarity of two distributions. It can be thought of as the distance between two probability density functions (pdfs) on a graph. The higher the Earth Mover's Distance, the more different the two distributions are.	earth mover's distance (emd)	Explain earth mover's distance (emd) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embeddings are a way to represent high dimensional data in a low dimensional space. This can be done by constructing a matrix where the columns represent different dimensions of the data and the rows represent unique instances of that data. The value at position (i,j) is then representative of how similar or related two points in different dimensions are.	embeddings	Explain embeddings (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embeddings are a way of representing data in a lower dimensional space. This is done so that the data can be more easily studied and manipulated. Embeddings work by finding patterns in high-dimensional data and then reducing those dimensions to make them easier to understand.An analogy for this would be the way that we represent numbers on a number line. We can study numbers much more easily if they are all represented on one line, rather than having each number spread out across an infinite plane.	embeddings	Explain embeddings (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embeddings are like a map of your neighborhood. Each street is assigned a unique number, and each house on that street has an address that corresponds to the street number. If you want to go from your house to your friend's house, you can look up the address in the map and figure out which street it's on. Then you can walk or drive to that street and find your friend's house.	embeddings	Explain embeddings (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embeddings are a way of representing data in a low-dimensional space. This makes it easier to learn relationships between different items in the data set. Embeddings can be thought of as similar to coordinates on a map. They allow you to easily describe where each item is located relative to all the other items in the dataset.	embeddings	Explain embeddings (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embedding is a process similar to translation, where small pieces of text are replaced with words or phrases in another language. The goal is to make sure that the translations maintain the same meaning as the original text. Embeddings work in a similar way, by taking numerical representations of objects (like words) and mapping them into a lower dimensional space so that they can be easily compared. This makes it easier to find patterns and relationships between different items.	embeddings	Explain embeddings (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embedding space is like a map. It takes complex data and turns it into a simpler form that makes it easier to understand and work with.	embedding space	Explain embedding space (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embedding space is a 3-dimensional space that stores data. The x-axis represents the input, the y-axis represents the output, and the z-axis represents how well the two match up.	embedding space	Explain embedding space (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embedding space is a bit like the way in which different maps can be placed side by side to compare distances between different locations. In machine learning, embedding space is a way of representing data points so that similar ones are close together and dissimilar ones are far apart. This makes it easier to find patterns in the data and to train algorithms on it.	embedding space	Explain embedding space (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embedding space is a three-dimensional plane in which points are represented by vectors. The distance between two points corresponds to the Euclidean distance between their respective vectors. This space can be used for machine learning tasks such as dimensionality reduction and classification.	embedding space	Explain embedding space (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embedding space is like a map. It takes complex data and turns it into a simplified form that makes it easier to understand and work with.	embedding space	Explain embedding space (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are at a casino and want to minimize your losses. You could either bet on black or red, or try to predict which slot machine will pay out the most money. If you predict correctly, then you’ll make more money than if you had just bet randomly. However, in order to make accurate predictions, you would need to study the machines carefully and know their odds of paying out. This is similar to how erm works in machine learning – by studying data (the machines), we can learn which strategies lead to the lowest possible risk.	empirical risk minimization (erm)	Explain empirical risk minimization (erm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Empirical risk minimization is a technique used in machine learning to select the best model for a given set of data. It works by trying many different models and selecting the one that has the lowest error rate on the training data. This approach is called "empirical" because it relies on actual data rather than theoretical considerations.	empirical risk minimization (erm)	Explain empirical risk minimization (erm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of empirical risk minimization is as a process of “tuning” a machine learning model so that it performs well on the training data. The goal is to find a configuration of the model parameters that leads to the lowest possible error on the training set. This can be thought of as analogous to tuning a car’s engine so that it runs as smoothly as possible.	empirical risk minimization (erm)	Explain empirical risk minimization (erm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Empirical risk minimization is a technique used in machine learning to find the best possible settings for a given algorithm. The goal is to minimize the amount of error in the predictions made by the algorithm. This can be thought of as analogous to finding the lowest point on a curve, where minimizing error corresponds to locating the smallest possible value on the curve.	empirical risk minimization (erm)	Explain empirical risk minimization (erm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
You can think of empirical risk minimization as a way of squeezing the most juice out of your orange. You want to get every last drop of juice from the fruit, and you do this by using a technique that minimizes the amount of wasted effort. In the same way, ERM aims to reduce the error in predictions by using techniques that eliminate unnecessary calculations.	empirical risk minimization (erm)	Explain empirical risk minimization (erm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Encoder (machine learning) is like a car navigation system. It takes in data as input, such as the address of your destination, and then provides directions to get you there.	encoder	Explain encoder (machine learning) using an analogy.
Encoder is like a teacher. It takes input data (ex: letters A, B, C), and turns it into an output that’s easier to understand (ex: 1 2 3).	encoder	Explain encoder (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning encoder is like a postal worker. The postal worker takes letters and packages from one location and moves them to another location. The machine learning encoder takes data (letters) from one location (the input) and moves it to another location (the output).	encoder	Explain encoder (machine learning) using an analogy.
Encoder is a machine learning technique used to encode or map input data into a representation that can be more easily manipulated. This analogy might help: Encoding is like putting your clothes in a suitcase before you go on vacation. The suitcase takes up less space than if you just crammed all your clothes into a bag. By encoding your data, you're creating a smaller, easier-to-manage representation of it that can be processed by algorithms.	encoder	Explain encoder (machine learning) using an analogy.
An encoder can be thought of as a very sophisticated way of translating text from one language to another. It can understand the nuances of both languages and create a translation that is accurate, idiomatic, and culturally appropriate.	encoder	Explain encoder (machine learning) using an analogy.
In ensemble learning, a group of individual predictors (algorithms) are used to make a prediction, instead of just one. The individual predictors can be from different machine learning algorithms families (linear regression, decision trees, support vector machines), or they can even come from the same family but with different parameter settings.	ensemble	Explain ensemble (machine learning) using an analogy.
An ensemble is like a committee of experts. Each expert has their own opinion, but when they come together as a group and pool their knowledge, they can make better decisions than any individual expert could on their own.	ensemble	Explain ensemble (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning algorithms can be thought of as a group of musicians playing together. The ensemble (machine learning) is made up of many different instruments (algorithms), and each instrument plays its own melody (feature extraction), but the music played by the ensemble (classification or prediction) is much more than just the sum of its parts.	ensemble	Explain ensemble (machine learning) using an analogy.
Grouping similar items together is like when you are in elementary school and your teacher puts all of the alphabet letters in a bag, mixes them up, and then pulls one letter out at random for each student to work on.	ensemble	Explain ensemble (machine learning) using an analogy.
An ensemble is like a group of musicians playing together. The musicians each play their own part, but the result is a harmonious whole.	ensemble	Explain ensemble (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of the environment as a school, then the inputs would be all of the different subjects (math, science, English, etc.), and the outputs would be how well each student does in those subjects. The environment is constantly changing and evolving, just like our world is always changing. And just like with schools, not everyone learns at the same pace or in the same way. Some students may excel in math but struggle with English, while others may be able to read and write proficiently but have a hard time doing long division.	environment	Explain environment (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a fitness coach. It monitors your performance and provides feedback to help you improve.	environment	Explain environment (machine learning) using an analogy.
You can think of the environment as a person who is learning to recognize objects. The machine learning algorithm is like a computer program that is trying to learn how to identify objects by being fed lots of images of various objects. Just like the person, the computer program will get better at recognizing objects over time as it gets more and more practice.	environment	Explain environment (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning can be thought of as a process of statistical inference, in which a computer system is “trained” on a large set of data in order to detect patterns and associations. After the computer system has been trained, it can then be used to make predictions or recommendations about new data that it has not seen before.	environment	Explain environment (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of the environment as a person, then the input would be like what that person says and the output would be their reaction. In machine learning, if we want to predict how someone will react in a situation, we would give a computer program data about past reactions so it can learn which patterns are most likely to lead to specific outcomes.	environment	Explain environment (machine learning) using an analogy.
Episode is a machine learning technique where you can find and correct errors in your training data. It works by splitting your data into batches, then making predictions on each batch using the model you have currently trained. You can then compare the actual results with the predicted results to see where your model went wrong, and correct it accordingly.	episode	Explain episode (machine learning) using an analogy.
Episode is a machine learning technique where a model is modified incrementally to improve its predictions. This can be thought of as an analogy with how humans learn - by making small corrections based on feedback, we gradually improve our understanding of the world around us.	episode	Explain episode (machine learning) using an analogy.
Episode is a machine learning technique where you can find similar items in a sequence. It works by constructing a model that predicts the likelihood of an item given the previous n-1 items. This can be useful for recommending items to users or for fraud detection.	episode	Explain episode (machine learning) using an analogy.
Episode is a machine learning technique where input data is divided into a series of episodes. In each episode, the neural network is trained to predict the next value in the sequence. The final prediction is generated by combining predictions from all of the individual episodes.	episode	Explain episode (machine learning) using an analogy.
Episode is like learning to ride a bike. At first it's difficult, but with practice it becomes easier. You may fall off a few times, but eventually you'll be able to ride without any assistance. The more you ride, the better you get at it.	episode	Explain episode (machine learning) using an analogy.
The epsilon greedy policy is a machine learning algorithm that uses a small value of ɛ (epsilon) to choose the best action from a finite set of candidate actions, in order to optimize a given criterion. The idea behind this policy is that by exploring only a fraction of all possible actions at each step, we can avoid getting stuck in any suboptimal local minima and eventually find an optimal solution.	epsilon greedy policy	Explain epsilon greedy policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
The epsilon greedy policy is a machine learning algorithm that tries to find the best possible solution while being as close as possible to the current optimal solution. It works by randomly trying different options until it finds one that improves on the current best option by at least epsilon .	epsilon greedy policy	Explain epsilon greedy policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
The epsilon greedy policy is a machine learning algorithm that uses a proportion (epsilon) of the current best solution to greedily search for an improved local optimum. The analogy would be if you are looking for a new job and have two offers, one that pays $50,000/year and one that pays $60,000/year. You might choose to work at the company that is offering $60,000/year because it's better than the other offer, but you're not going to turn down the other offer if it's still available when you find a better option.	epsilon greedy policy	Explain epsilon greedy policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
An epsilon greedy policy is a type of machine learning algorithm that uses a small percentage (epsilon) of the best achievable rewards when making decisions. This approach helps to ensure that the algorithm does not miss any opportunities to maximize reward, while also limiting the amount of exploration required.	epsilon greedy policy	Explain epsilon greedy policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are very hungry, and there are two equally appetizing pieces of cake in front of you, the epsilon greedy policy would tell you to eat one piece of cake with a 99% probability, and then eat the other piece with a 1% probability. This way, you will get to eat both pieces of cake, but there is still a small chance that you'll only end up eating one.	epsilon greedy policy	Explain epsilon greedy policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you give a machine learning algorithm an equal opportunity, it means that you have given the algorithm the same data to learn from as all of the other algorithms in your ensemble. This is important because it ensures that no algorithm is unfairly penalized or advantaged when determining the best model for your problem.	equality of opportunity	Explain equality of opportunity (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you put two different types of fuel in a car, it won't run. Equality of opportunity means that everyone has access to the same type of fuel, so that the car can run.	equality of opportunity	Explain equality of opportunity (machine learning) using an analogy.
If two people have an equal opportunity, it means that they are both able to do the same thing. This is like if you give two machines the same input data, they will both produce the same output.	equality of opportunity	Explain equality of opportunity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Equality of opportunity is a principle that says everyone has an equal chance to do something, as long as they are qualified and have the opportunity. This means that people who are not given the same opportunities as others are still able to compete fairly if they have the same qualifications. An analogy for equality of opportunity in machine learning would be giving everyone an equal starting point in a race, regardless of their race or gender.	equality of opportunity	Explain equality of opportunity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Equality of opportunity is the principle that all people should have an equal chance to achieve their goals, and no one should be unfairly denied opportunities because of who they are or what they believe. It is a core value of democracy, and something we strive for in our society.An analogy for equality of opportunity would be giving everyone an equal starting position in a race. Everyone begins at the same point, with no one having an advantage or disadvantage based on their personal characteristics. This ensures that everyone has an equal chance to win the race, regardless of who they are or where they come from.	equality of opportunity	Explain equality of opportunity (machine learning) using an analogy.
In a sense, equalized odds can be thought of as "machine learning insurance". It is a technique that helps ensure that the machine learning algorithm is not unduly biased by the training data. By equalizing the odds across all classes, it ensures that no class has an advantage over any other in terms of how likely it is to be erroneously predicted.	equalized odds	Explain equalized odds (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, equalized odds means that every instance in a dataset is given the same probability of being chosen for training or evaluation. This ensures that no instance is favored over any other and that the performance of a model is based only on the data it was trained on.	equalized odds	Explain equalized odds (machine learning) using an analogy.
Computer scientists say that the odds of an event are "equalized" when they believe that is roughly impossible to predict which outcome will occur. To put it another way, imagine you're flipping a coin. If you think there's about a 50/50 chance that the coin will come up heads or tails, then your odds are said to be equalized. This doesn't mean that each flip is totally random, but rather that figuring out which result will happen is essentially impossible. Now imagine trying to do the same thing with a six-sided die. The odds of any particular number coming up are 1 in 6, so your chances of predicting the outcome would be much lower than if you were flipping a coin.	equalized odds	Explain equalized odds (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, equalized odds is a technique used to improve the accuracy of predictions by reducing prediction bias. This technique is similar to weighting data in order to reduce the impact of noisy data on the results of a machine learning algorithm.	equalized odds	Explain equalized odds (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you flip a coin, the odds of it landing on heads are 50%. If you flip the coin 10 times, chances are that 5 of those flips will result in heads. The odds of flipping a head on any given flip is still 50%, but because we've flipped the coin multiple times, we can see that the odds of flipping one or more heads is greater than 50%. In other words, our estimate for how often flips will result in heads has become more accurate as we've gotten more data.This analogy applies to machine learning algorithms as they learn from increasing volumes of data. The "coin" is replaced by numerous examples (flips) of an event occurring (heads), and as new data is processed, the algorithm becomes better at predicting whether or not an event will occur again.	equalized odds	Explain equalized odds (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of learning as being like a computer, then the first time you use a new program, your computer has to learn how to do everything the program can do. After using it once or twice, your computer knows what to expect and can do things much faster. This is kind of like what happens when we learn - at first it takes a lot of effort and concentration, but after a while it becomes easier and more automatic.	example	Explain example (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of the brain as a computer, then learning is adding new software to that computer. The more programs you have, the more things your computer can do. Similarly, the more you know (the more software you have), the better off you are in life.	example	Explain example (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy of machine learning is that it is like a child’s education. A child’s education does not start with them knowing everything that they need to know in order to be successful. It starts with teaching them the basics, and then slowly building on those basics until they reach an advanced level. Machine learning works in a similar way. The system starts by being taught basic information about how to perform a certain task. Then, it continues to learn and improve its performance over time.	example	Explain example (machine learning) using an analogy.
An example using machine learning would be like a person being taught how to drive a car. The first few times they are behind the wheel, someone is sitting next to them telling them what to do. After a while, they will start to remember what needs to be done and can then drive on their own.	example	Explain example (machine learning) using an analogy.
A good analogy for machine learning is the process of refining a blurry image until it becomes clear. The computer is given lots of examples of what the object in the image looks like, and it gradually “learns” how to sharpen the image by adjusting its own settings.	example	Explain example (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like being able to rewind and watch your life experiences. Instead of just living through an experience and then forgetting it, you can hit “play” and review what happened in detail. You can analyze how you felt during different parts of the experience, what decisions you made, and how those decisions affected your overall outcome.	experience replay	Explain experience replay (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, experience replay is a technique used to improve the performance of a neural network. It works by taking a copy of the input data and repeatedly feeding it into the network in order to allow the neurons to learn better. This is done by creating a “cache” or memory for each neuron that stores recent patterns seen by that neuron.	experience replay	Explain experience replay (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like being able to watch a movie again. You can see what happens and learn from it.	experience replay	Explain experience replay (machine learning) using an analogy.
Experience replay is a technique used in machine learning that helps to improve the performance of algorithms. In essence, it works by taking copies of data (a "sample") and then repeatedly replaying them so that the algorithm can learn from them. This is similar to how people learn - we remember things better if we have repeated exposure to them.	experience replay	Explain experience replay (machine learning) using an analogy.
Experience replay is like loading up a movie of your life so that you can watch it again. When you watch the movie, you are able to learn from your past experiences and make better decisions in the future.	experience replay	Explain experience replay (machine learning) using an analogy.
An experimenter's bias is similar to a human's cognitive bias. It is a tendency for the mind to make judgments based on prior beliefs or expectations, rather than evidence or objective reality. In machine learning, this can lead to inaccurate models because the data used to train the model may be skewed by the experimenter's preconceptions.	experimenter's bias	Explain experimenter's bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Experimenter bias is like a human being that has their own personal biases and preferences when it comes to making decisions. This can often lead to humans overlooking or disregarding data that doesn't support their beliefs. In the world of machine learning, experimenter bias refers to the fact that algorithms are also susceptible to incorporating personal preferences into their decision-making process. This could result in an algorithm privileging some data over others, even if all the data is actually relevant to the task at hand.	experimenter's bias	Explain experimenter's bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Experimenter bias is like when a basketball coach always favors one player on their team over the others. The coach may give this player more playing time, pass them the ball more often, and tell them they are doing a great job even when they're not. This biased treatment can eventually lead to the favored player becoming better at basketball than the other players on the team.	experimenter's bias	Explain experimenter's bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you have ever been in a room with a scientist who is conducting an experiment, then you know that there is always a certain air of excitement and anticipation. This is because scientists are constantly looking to prove or disprove their hypotheses through experimentation. In the context of machine learning, this means that the algorithm will be biased towards confirming the hypothesis that it was given (i.e., the training data).	experimenter's bias	Explain experimenter's bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy would be that the experimenter's bias is like a personal preference or belief. For example, if you think that green apples are better than red apples, then you might be more likely to choose a green apple over a red apple when given the choice.	experimenter's bias	Explain experimenter's bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
The exploding gradient problem is a common issue that occurs in machine learning, specifically neural networks. It typically happens when the gradient of the error function becomes too large, leading to an exponential increase in the size of the updates required to stabilize the network. This can cause the gradient descent algorithm to "explode" and diverge from the optimal solution.	exploding gradient problem	Explain exploding gradient problem (machine learning) using an analogy.
The gradient problem is similar to when you have a tube of toothpaste and the end is plugged. The more pressure that builds up, the more likely it is that the cap will blow off. In machine learning, this can happen when the algorithm has trouble finding a good direction in which to move in order to improve its performance. This causes the algorithm's learned model to "explode" or diverge from reality.	exploding gradient problem	Explain exploding gradient problem (machine learning) using an analogy.
The exploding gradient problem is similar to a situation where too much water is put into a pot with a small opening. The water will flow out faster than it can be replenished, and the level of water in the pot will quickly rise and overflow. In machine learning, this occurs when the gradient or rate of change in the error function becomes too large, making it difficult for the learning algorithm to make further progress. This can cause the algorithm to "explode" or diverge from the optimal solution.	exploding gradient problem	Explain exploding gradient problem (machine learning) using an analogy.
The gradient problem is similar to a group of people standing at the bottom of a hill, trying to figure out how to get up. The people in the back are struggling because they can only see what's directly in front of them, and don't have a good idea of the bigger picture. The people at the front, who are closer to the summit, can see farther ahead and have a better understanding of how to get there. In machine learning, this analogy represents the difference between algorithms that use local minima (the people in the back) and those that use global minima (the people at the front). Local minima solutions are often suboptimal, while global minima solutions find more optimal solutions.	exploding gradient problem	Explain exploding gradient problem (machine learning) using an analogy.
The exploding gradient problem is like when you have a fire in a fireplace. The more wood you add to the fire, the hotter it gets. However, at a certain point, adding more wood will actually make the fire cooler instead of hotter. This happens because there is only so much heat that can be generated by the burning wood. When too much wood is added, the extra heat dissipates and makes the fire weaker overall.In machine learning, this phenomenon occurs with artificial neural networks. As more layers are added to an artificial neuron network, its ability to learn from data diminishes because there is too much noise in the system. This causes performance to "explode" or deteriorate rapidly as additional layers are added.	exploding gradient problem	Explain exploding gradient problem (machine learning) using an analogy.
In the context of machine learning, fairness constraint can be thought of as a rule that requires algorithms to treat all individuals in a dataset equally. This means that the algorithm should not give any individual an unfair advantage or disadvantage when making decisions about them. An analogy for this might be how a judge is supposed to weigh evidence evenly against both sides of a criminal trial.	fairness constraint	Explain fairness constraint (machine learning) using an analogy.
A fairness constraint is like a speed limit on a road. It keeps the system from going too fast and makes sure all participants have an equal chance to win.	fairness constraint	Explain fairness constraint (machine learning) using an analogy.
One common approach to machine learning is called “supervised learning”. This involves a computer being “trained” with a set of input data, along with the desired output for each piece of data. After the computer has been trained, it can then be used to predict the desired outputs for new pieces of data.A fairness constraint is similar to a restriction that is placed on the training process, in order to ensure that the computer produces accurate predictions without unfairly discriminating against any particular group or individual.	fairness constraint	Explain fairness constraint (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for the fairness constraint in machine learning is a situation where a group of people are standing in line to get into a movie theater. The fairness constraint would require that each person be given an equal opportunity to get into the movie theater, regardless of their race, sex, or age.	fairness constraint	Explain fairness constraint (machine learning) using an analogy.
A fairness constraint is a rule that ensures all individuals in a population have an equal opportunity to be selected for the sample. The goal of sampling is to randomly select individuals from the population so that the characteristics of the sample are representative of the population. A fairness constraint guarantees that no individual has an advantage or disadvantage when it comes to being selected for the sample.	fairness constraint	Explain fairness constraint (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for the fairness metric is to think of it as a way to make sure that everyone in a race has an equal chance of winning, regardless of their starting position. The fairness metric ensures that all participants in the race start off on equal footing, so that the outcome is determined by their own ability and not by any unfair disadvantages they may have started with.	fairness metric	Explain fairness metric (machine learning) using an analogy.
Fairness is the quality of being just and equitable. It can be measured by how evenly a machine distributes resources or opportunities among different groups of people. For example, if a machine learning algorithm is used to determine who gets access to credit or insurance, it is important that the algorithm be fair in order to avoid discriminating against certain groups of people.	fairness metric	Explain fairness metric (machine learning) using an analogy.
The fairness metric is like a referee in a football game. The referee makes sure that the players are playing fair and that everyone is following the rules. The fairness metric does the same thing for machine learning algorithms. It ensures that all of the data is treated equally and that no group of people is unfairly targeted.	fairness metric	Explain fairness metric (machine learning) using an analogy.
A fairness metric is like a ruler that measures how equal distances are between points. It allows us to compare different distributions and see if they are fair or not.	fairness metric	Explain fairness metric (machine learning) using an analogy.
A fairness metric is like a ruler to measure how "fair" a machine learning algorithm is. This could be measured in terms of its impact on different groups of people, such as men and women, or different ethnicities.	fairness metric	Explain fairness metric (machine learning) using an analogy.
Federated learning is a machine learning method where the training data for each individual neural network (or "machine") in a network is stored separately, but all of the networks are able to share predictions. This allows different machines to make use of different datasets while still allowing the benefits of large-scale machine learning. The analogy would be that federated learning is like having multiple people working together on one big project - everyone has their own set of tasks and can work independently, but they're all able to communicate with each other so that they can produce a final product as a team.	federated learning	Explain federated learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A federated learning system is like a library. The library has many different books, and each book is written by a different author. The library also has many different readers. Each reader can read any of the books in the library. When a reader wants to read a book, they go to the library and borrow it.	federated learning	Explain federated learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you wanted to learn about a new topic, like Italian culture, you might ask your friends who have studied it. Their collective knowledge would be more accurate and complete than any one person’s understanding of the subject. Federated learning is similar to this process of acquiring knowledge by pooling resources. In federated learning, multiple machines (or “nodes”) collaborate on training a machine learning model. The nodes share data with each other in order to improve the accuracy of the model without compromising user privacy.	federated learning	Explain federated learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Think of federated learning as a turbofan engine for your aircraft. The fan helps to draw in air from all around the plane, and the engine then uses that air to create thrust. In the same way, federated learning can help to bring together data from multiple sources so that it can be used more effectively for machine learning tasks.	federated learning	Explain federated learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A federated learning system can be thought of as a large group of people who are all working together to solve a problem. The members of the group are spread out across different locations and they are not able to communicate with each other directly. However, they can all share information with each other indirectly by sending it to a central server. The central server then collects all of the data from the group and uses it to train a machine learning model.	federated learning	Explain federated learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A feedback loop is like a teacher. The teacher sees how the student is doing and gives feedback to the student. Then, the student uses that feedback to learn and do better next time.	feedback loop	Explain feedback loop (machine learning) using an analogy.
A feedback loop is a machine learning analogy of how our brains learn. Our brain gathers information through our senses, and then processes that information using past experience and knowledge. The brain then decides what action to take based on the new information. If the decision was correct, the brain reinforces that behavior by releasing dopamine (a feel-good neurotransmitter). If the decision was incorrect, the brain learns from its mistake by adjusting its processing of future similar situations.	feedback loop	Explain feedback loop (machine learning) using an analogy.
A feedback loop is like a thermostat in your house. The temperature of the room goes up and down and the thermostat turns on or off to try to keep the room at a set temperature. A machine learning feedback loop is like that, but it's trying to learn what temperature you want your room to be at.	feedback loop	Explain feedback loop (machine learning) using an analogy.
The machine learning feedback loop is like a student studying for an exam. The student reviews the material and then takes a practice test. Based on the results of the practice test, the student determines what they need to study more closely. They then review that material and take another practice test. This process repeats until the student feels confident in their ability to pass the exam.	feedback loop	Explain feedback loop (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about feedback loops is in terms of a thermostat. Imagine you set your thermostat to 68 degrees, and then go about your day. As the temperature in your house decreases, the sensor inside the thermostat detects it, and a little motor starts spinning that opens or closes an air vent (or sends an electrical current to turn on or off a furnace). This makes the temperature increase or decrease until it hits 68 degrees again, at which point the motor stops spinning. A similar process happens with machine learning systems. The computer system begins by 'learning' what input leads to what output, through a process of trial and error (this is called training). Once it has learned this relationship, it can apply that knowledge to new data in order to predict how likely something is to happen (this is called inference).	feedback loop	Explain feedback loop (machine learning) using an analogy.
A feedforward neural network is a bit like a very simple computer. It can only do one thing: take in a series of numbers, and then spit out another series of numbers. But it does this amazingly well, given the right set of instructions.To program our computer (the ffn), we start by telling it what type of problem we want it to solve. For example, let's say we want to teach it how to recognize letters of the alphabet. We'd give the computer a list of all 26 letters, along with pictures of each letter and the sound that letter makes. Then we'd tell the computer exactly how to compare two different pieces of information (in this case, pictures and sounds).Now lets say somebody hands our computer a picture that shows an A. The computer will look at the picture, find all the similarities between that picture and the ones it was taught earlier, and then spit out "A."	feedforward neural network (ffn)	Explain feedforward neural network (ffn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A feedforward neural network is a bit like the human brain. The 'nodes' in the network are like the neurons in our brains, and each node can be connected to any other nodes. When we learn something, for example how to ride a bike, our brain creates new connections between neurons. A feedforward neural network works in a similar way - it learns by creating new connections between nodes.	feedforward neural network (ffn)	Explain feedforward neural network (ffn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Feedforward neural networks are similar to the human brain. Information travels forward through a number of interconnected processing nodes (neurons) in a single direction. The ffN can be trained to recognize patterns in data, such as images or sounds, by adjusting the strength of the connections between nodes.	feedforward neural network (ffn)	Explain feedforward neural network (ffn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A ffn can be thought of as a blind person reading braille. A single dot at a time is felt and the letter determined by the combination of dots felt.	feedforward neural network (ffn)	Explain feedforward neural network (ffn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A feedforward neural network is a bit like the human brain. It takes in information through its input nodes, processes it in its hidden layers, and then spits out an answer through its output nodes.	feedforward neural network (ffn)	Explain feedforward neural network (ffn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you learn to ride a bike, you take it out for a few spins around the block. After that, you can probably ride the bike without thinking too much about what you're doing. That's because your brain has figured out how to do it through a process of trial and error (learning by doing).In the same way, when a machine learning algorithm is "trained" on a small set of data, it can figure out how to do something (like identify objects in photos or predict stock prices) without being explicitly told what to look for.	few-shot learning	Explain few-shot learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for few-shot learning is that it is like teaching a new word to a toddler. The first time the child hears the word, they may not understand it. But if you keep using the word in different contexts, eventually the child will learn what it means. Few-shot learning works in a similar way: by training a machine learning algorithm with lots of different examples, it can learn how to correctly identify patterns and predict outcomes even when presented with only a small number of training data points.	few-shot learning	Explain few-shot learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A few-shot learning analogy would be like teaching a toddler how to recognize different animals. At first, the child may only be able to identify a dog, cat and cow. But after being shown several different types of animals (including a penguin), the child will eventually learn how to identify other types of animals that were not originally shown. The same concept applies to machine learning; it can become better at recognizing patterns after being exposed to a limited number of examples.	few-shot learning	Explain few-shot learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A person learning to play tennis may only need to be shown how to hit a ball a few times in order to learn the skill. This is because the person can use their past experiences (e.g., swinging at a ball while playing catch) as well as what they are currently seeing (the ball being served towards them) to generalize and learn how to play tennis. Machine learning algorithms work in a similar way, where they can 'learn' from examples (i.e., data) that are presented to them, in order to make predictions or classifications about new data.	few-shot learning	Explain few-shot learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
In a few-shot learning scenario, an algorithm is taught how to recognize objects by being shown only a few examples of each type. After seeing just a handful of spoons, the algorithm might be able to identify any spoon it sees in the future.	few-shot learning	Explain few-shot learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Fine tuning is a lot like getting your car ready for a long drive. You need to make sure the oil is filled up, the tires are inflated, and everything is in good working order. The same goes for machine learning; you need to make sure your data is clean, your algorithms are tuned correctly, and your models are well-configured. By doing this final fine tuning step, you can ensure that your machine learning system runs smoothly and produces accurate results.	fine tuning	Explain fine tuning (machine learning) using an analogy.
An example of fine tuning is a person who has learned how to drive a car. After some practice, the person becomes better at driving and can do things like parallel park with ease. The process of learning to drive a car involved adjusting many different variables (e.g., steering wheel, gas pedal, brake pedal) in order to produce the desired outcome (parking the car). In the same way, when training a machine learning algorithm, you are adjusting many different parameters in order to get the algorithm to learn as effectively as possible.	fine tuning	Explain fine tuning (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you’re adjusting a machine, such as a car engine, you need to make tiny tweaks to the individual parts in order to get everything working together just right. The same is true for machine learning algorithms – you have to keep fine tuning all of the different parameters in order to get good results.	fine tuning	Explain fine tuning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm is like a microscope. It can be used to magnify objects that are too small for the human eye to see. The algorithm can also be adjusted to make the magnification more or less powerful. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm can be tuned to make it better at recognizing certain types of patterns in data.	fine tuning	Explain fine tuning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Fine tuning is like adjusting a car's engine to make sure it runs smoothly. You might change the air intake, the fuel mixture, or the timing belt to get it just right. Machine learning algorithms are similar - you need to adjust them until they produce accurate results.	fine tuning	Explain fine tuning (machine learning) using an analogy.
I can't remember the name of the gate, but it's like when you're trying to remember a person's name and suddenly you can't think of it anymore. You know that you know it, but for some reason you just can't access that information right now.	forget gate	Explain forget gate (machine learning) using an analogy.
The forget gate is like a trash can. It is used to discard information that is no longer needed.	forget gate	Explain forget gate (machine learning) using an analogy.
Forget gate is a machine learning technique that helps to forget the irrelevant information and keep only relevant information in the memory. It works by deleting or forgetting the least important information from the memory. The analogy can be explained using a computer analogy. Suppose you have some important files on your computer's hard drive and you want to keep only relevant files without deleting any of them. You can use the forget gate technique to delete or forget the less important files from your hard drive so that you can keep only relevant files.	forget gate	Explain forget gate (machine learning) using an analogy.
Forgetting gate is a process that helps reduce the size of the training data set without affecting the performance of the machine learning algorithm. The forgetting gate allows us to selectively forget some examples from the training set and keep only those that are most relevant for the current task. This approach can help improve performance by reducing overfitting and improving generalization	forget gate	Explain forget gate (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you forget about something, you can think of the gate as a way to keep that thing out of your mind. The gate is like a barrier that blocks out unwanted memories or thoughts.	forget gate	Explain forget gate (machine learning) using an analogy.
Suppose you are a contestant on a game show. There are ten possible questions, and the correct answer to each is either A, B, or C. After each question, you are shown the four choices (A, B, C, D), and you must choose one. Suppose also that you always guess randomly among the four choices. What is the probability of your correctly answering any given question?If there's only 1 choice left it would be 50% because it's like flipping a coin heads or tails	full softmax	Explain full softmax (machine learning) using an analogy.
Assume there are 10 people in a room, and you want to know the likelihood that each person will vote for your candidate. You can ask each person outright, but this would be very time consuming. A more efficient approach would be to first create a list of all the possible combinations of who might vote for your candidate (10 x 9 x 8 x 7 x 6 x 5 x 4 x 3x 2), and then calculate the likelihood of each combination. This is known as a full softmax calculation.	full softmax	Explain full softmax (machine learning) using an analogy.
A softmax function is a way to normalize a set of values, usually probability values, so that they add up to 1.0. It does this by creating a vector of normalized values, one for each value in the original set. The vector's elements are the products of the corresponding elements in the original set and their associated probabilities.	full softmax	Explain full softmax (machine learning) using an analogy.
A softmax function is used in machine learning as a way of representing the probabilities of different outcomes. It can be thought of as a type of “neural network” which takes in multiple inputs and outputs a single value (the probability that each outcome will happen). This can be helpful for determining things like the most likely result given several choices, or the likelihood that different input variables are associated with a particular outcome.	full softmax	Explain full softmax (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a contestant on a game show. There are ten possible answers to the question, and you must choose the correct one. You would be much more likely to win if you could eliminate most of the incorrect answers. This is what softmax does for machine learning algorithms: it helps reduce the number of incorrect possibilities so that the algorithm can focus on the most likely answer.	full softmax	Explain full softmax (machine learning) using an analogy.
A fully connected layer is a bit like a telephone network. Each person (node) in the network is connected to every other person, so that any two people can communicate with each other. In a machine learning context, this means that each neuron in the layer is connected to every other neuron, so that they can all exchange information.	fully connected layer	Explain fully connected layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A fully connected layer is a type of machine learning neural network where every neuron in one layer is connected to every neuron in the next. This analogy would be like every person on earth being connected to every other person on earth.	fully connected layer	Explain fully connected layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
The fully connected layer in a machine learning algorithm is analogous to the human brain. The input data is fed into the network, and each neuron in the network is activated by a certain amount of that data. The neurons then pass on their activation to other neurons, until all of the neurons have been activated. This process creates a representation of the input data that can be used to make decisions or predictions.	fully connected layer	Explain fully connected layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A fully connected layer is a type of neural network layer where each neuron in the input layer is connected to every neuron in the subsequent layer. This creates a dense network with many connections between neurons.	fully connected layer	Explain fully connected layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you're at a party with a group of friends. You all know each other pretty well and can easily talk to anyone in the group. This is analogous to a fully connected layer in machine learning, where every node (or person) is directly connected to every other node.	fully connected layer	Explain fully connected layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
GANs are a bit like the Jedi training academy from Star Wars. In the movies, younglings go to the Jedi academy to learn how to use the Force and become Jedis. GANs work in a similar way. They teach computers how to use machine learning so they can become smarter overall.	gan	Explain gan (machine learning) using an analogy.
GAN is like a brain that can learn how to do things by itself. It starts with a basic understanding of how things work, and then it experiments with different ways of doing things until it finds the best way to do them.	gan	Explain gan (machine learning) using an analogy.
GAN stands for Generative Adversarial Networks, which is a type of machine learning algorithm. It's a method that pits two neural networks against each other in order to generate realistic sounding data. One network is responsible for generating fake data, while the other tries to determine if it's real or not. The process repeats over and over again until the networks get better and better at creating believable fakes.	gan	Explain gan (machine learning) using an analogy.
GAN is a bit like learning how to ride a bike. At first it might be difficult, but with some practice it becomes easier and eventually you can do it without thinking about it. GAN works in a similar way - by using lots of data the algorithm can learn to create realistic images that look like they were taken by a human photographer.	gan	Explain gan (machine learning) using an analogy.
GAN is a learning algorithm that is used to improve the performance of machine learning models. It works by creating two different artificial neural networks, one of which is called the “generator” and the other is called the “discriminator”. The generator network creates fake data samples, while the discriminator network tries to distinguish between real data samples and fake data samples. The generator network then uses feedback from the discriminator network to improve its ability to create realistic fake data samples.	gan	Explain gan (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of a machine learning algorithm as a person, then generalization is that person’s ability to learn new things. The more experience that person has, the better they will be at understanding new information and applying it to future situations. Machine learning algorithms work in a similar way – the more data they have to analyze, the better they become at recognizing patterns and making predictions.	generalization	Explain generalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm is like a filter placed over a large group of data. The filter will cause some data to pass through and some to be blocked. The goal of the machine learning algorithm is to learn which data should be passed through and which should be blocked, so that the filter can be more accurate in the future.	generalization	Explain generalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about generalization is to imagine that you’ve built a perfect model of some phenomenon in the world. If you know everything there is to know about how electricity works, for example, then you could build a perfect model of an electrical system. But even if you have this perfect knowledge, it would be impossible to apply it perfectly in every situation. There will always be small deviations from what you expect, and these discrepancies are where generalization comes into play. A good electrical engineer will account for these tiny variances when designing an electrical system, and a machine learning algorithm does something similar by adjusting its predictions based on past experience.	generalization	Explain generalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
In generalization, the machine learning algorithm is trained on a set of known data points and then used to make predictions about other, unknown data points. This analogy might help: let's say you're training for a marathon. You'll start by running short distances, and as your body gets used to running, you'll gradually increase the distance. The idea is that by gradually exposing your body to longer and longer distances, you'll be better prepared to run the full marathon when race day arrives. In the same way, machine learning algorithms "train" themselves by exposure to large quantities of data. As they do so, they learn how best to predict outcomes based on the known data points.	generalization	Explain generalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
When a person generalizes, they take the information that they learned from one specific experience and apply it to other similar experiences. Generalizing allows people to make assumptions about things based on limited information. This is similar to what machine learning does. Machine learning algorithms are able to take data from past examples and use it to make predictions or decisions in new situations. By doing this, machine learning becomes better at predicting outcomes and making decisions over time.	generalization	Explain generalization (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generalization curve is a graphical depiction of how well a machine learning algorithm performs on training data as the number of parameters in the algorithm is varied. The x-axis represents the number of parameters in the algorithm, while the y-axis shows how accurately the algorithm can predict labels for new data points. As more and more parameters are added to the algorithm, its ability to accurately predict labels decreases. This occurs because with more parameters comes greater flexibility in fitting the training data; as a result, less accurate predictions may be made for new data that does not exactly match the Training Data.	generalization curve	Explain generalization curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generalization curve is a graph that plots the accuracy of a machine learning model as it is trained on more and more data. The x-axis represents the number of training examples, while the y-axis shows how accurate the model predictions are. As new data is added to the training set, the model gradually becomes more accurate, until it reaches its maximum accuracy.	generalization curve	Explain generalization curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
The generalization curve is like a hill. The higher the learning rate, the more steeply the curve rises. If you go too high on the learning rate, your program will become over-specialized and unable to learn new things	generalization curve	Explain generalization curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, a generalization curve is a graph that illustrates how well a machine learning algorithm can predict the output of new data. The x-axis represents the number of training examples, while the y-axis shows the error rate on test data.	generalization curve	Explain generalization curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
The generalization curve is a visual representation of how well a machine learning algorithm can predict the output for new data, as compared to how accurate it is at predicting the output for existing data. The curve will start off with a steep slope as the algorithm becomes more accurate at predicting outputs for existing data. However, as the algorithm begins to predict outputs for new data, the slope will become less steep and eventually level off. This represents the point where the algorithm can no longer improve its predictions based on the available data.	generalization curve	Explain generalization curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy that I would choose to explain a generalized linear model is that of the game “Jeopardy!”. In this game, contestants are given general knowledge questions which they must then answer by supplying an appropriate response. A generalized linear model can be thought of as a computer program which takes in data (e.g., facts about different species of animals) and spits out an answer (the most likely animal species to be encountered in the wild). Just as in Jeopardy!, the strength of a generalized linear model depends on both the quality of its data and how well it has been tuned to produce accurate results.	generalized linear model	Explain generalized linear model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generalized linear model is like a recipe for making chocolate chip cookies. You need specific ingredients (chocolate chips, butter, sugar, eggs) and a specific procedure (mix the dough, bake in the oven). The same recipe will produce consistent results every time you make it. A generalized linear model uses a set of training data to learn how to predict an outcome (like whether or not someone will default on their loan). Once the model has been trained, it can be used to predict outcomes for new data sets with high accuracy.	generalized linear model	Explain generalized linear model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generalized linear model (GLM) is like a mathematical function that takes some variables as inputs and spits out an answer. The GLM can be used to predict something, such as how likely someone is to vote for a certain candidate, based on other known information about that person.	generalized linear model	Explain generalized linear model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generalized linear model is a bit like using a map when you're lost. You can use the map to find your way to new places by following the directions it provides. A generalized linear model does something similar for data: it uses mathematical formulas to help figure out how different variables are related. This can be really helpful when trying to understand what's going on in complicated datasets.	generalized linear model	Explain generalized linear model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generalized linear model is like a character in a video game who can learn and adapt to the environment. The model begins by understanding the basic rules of the game, such as how to move around and shoot projectiles. Over time, it observes how different enemies behave and adjusts its strategy accordingly. For example, if it encounters an enemy that teleports behind you, it will learn to keep an eye on your back at all times.	generalized linear model	Explain generalized linear model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generative adversarial network is a machine learning technique where two neural networks compete against each other in order to generate better results. One network, the generator, tries to create fake data that looks real while the second network, called the discriminator, tries to detect whether or not the data is genuine. The aim of this setup is for the generator to become so good at producing realistic data that the discriminator can no longer tell them apart from true data.	generative adversarial network (gan)	Explain generative adversarial network (gan) (machine learning) using an analogy.
GAN is a bit like two detectives playing poker against each other. One detective is trying to guess what the other detective's card is, and the second detective is trying to fool the first one into thinking that her card is something else.	generative adversarial network (gan)	Explain generative adversarial network (gan) (machine learning) using an analogy.
GANs are a type of neural network that have two different parts: the generator and the discriminator. The generator is responsible for creating fake data, while the discriminator tries to determine if the data is real or fake. The two networks compete against each other, with the generator trying to create data that fool	generative adversarial network (gan)	Explain generative adversarial network (gan) (machine learning) using an analogy.
GAN can be seen as a game of two AI players. One player, the generator, is trying to create fake data that looks real to the other player, the discriminator. The discriminator is trying to spot the fake data from real data, and it gets better at doing this as it plays more games against the generator.	generative adversarial network (gan)	Explain generative adversarial network (gan) (machine learning) using an analogy.
GAN is a type of machine learning algorithm where there are two neural networks competing against each other. One network, the generator, tries to create fake data that looks like real data. The second network, the discriminator, tries to distinguish between fake and real data. Over time, the Generator gets better at creating realistic data and the Discriminator gets better at distinguishing between fake and real data.	generative adversarial network (gan)	Explain generative adversarial network (gan) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generative model is a bit like a recipe for making cake. You provide the ingredients and the model tells you how to put them together to make a cake. A machine learning algorithm is like an automatic baker that uses the recipe to bake cakes without any help from you.	generative model	Explain generative model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generative model is like a recipe for cake. You can follow the recipe to bake a cake, or you can use the recipe to generate a new cake by changing some of the ingredients. A generative model uses data to learn how to generate new data.	generative model	Explain generative model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generative model is like a recipe for a cake. You can follow the instructions to create a cake that looks and tastes like the one in the recipe. A generative model uses data to create something new, just like you can use ingredients to create a cake. In machine learning, generative models are used to create new data sets.	generative model	Explain generative model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generative model is a bit like making a cake. You need some ingredients - like sugar, butter, flour and eggs - and then you follow a recipe to mix them all together and cook it in the oven. A generative model works in a similar way. You start with some data (like the ingredients for your cake) and then use a set of rules to process it (like mixing the ingredients together). This processed data is called the model's "generate" function, hence the name "generative models".	generative model	Explain generative model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generative model is like a recipe for a cake. You can use the recipe to make a cake yourself, or you can give it to someone else and they can use it to make a cake.	generative model	Explain generative model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generator is a machine that creates something new. In the context of machine learning, generators create novel images or sequences of data.	generator	Explain generator (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generator is like a jigsaw puzzle. It takes in random pieces and turns them into something that makes sense.	generator	Explain generator (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generator is like a vending machine. You put in some money, and it gives you a snack or drink in return. A generator takes input (like training data) and produces a result (like a model).	generator	Explain generator (machine learning) using an analogy.
A generator is like a vending machine. You put in some money and get back a soda or candy bar. The generator takes an input (a number) and produces an output (a letter).	generator	Explain generator (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm that takes a training set of data and samples from it to generate a model. This model can then be used to predict the label for new data points.	generator	Explain generator (machine learning) using an analogy.
A pre-trained transformer is like a bicycle that has been ridden many times. It is already familiar with the terrain and knows how to get around. A gpt transformer is like a pre-trained transformer that can also generate new text by starting from scratch.	gpt (generative pre-trained transformer)	Explain gpt (generative pre-trained transformer) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A gpt transformer is a bit like a set of training wheels for a bicycle. Once you have learned how to ride a bike with the help of the training wheels, you can eventually take them off and ride without them.	gpt (generative pre-trained transformer)	Explain gpt (generative pre-trained transformer) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A gpt transformer is like a pre-trained machine learning model that has been optimized for a specific task. It can be used to quickly learn new tasks without having to train the model from scratch.	gpt (generative pre-trained transformer)	Explain gpt (generative pre-trained transformer) (machine learning) using an analogy.
GPT is a machine learning algorithm that uses pre-trained Transformers to generate new text. It works by first reading a large amount of text, then training a Transformer model on this data. Once the model is trained, it can be used to generate new text based on the patterns it has learned.	gpt (generative pre-trained transformer)	Explain gpt (generative pre-trained transformer) (machine learning) using an analogy.
GPT is like giving a baby the ability to learn language. Babies are born with the ability to learn language, but they need someone to teach them how to speak. GPT provides a machine with the ability to learn language, but it needs someone to teach it how to speak.	gpt (generative pre-trained transformer)	Explain gpt (generative pre-trained transformer) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A gradient is a mathematical calculation that allows a machine learning algorithm to adjust its parameters, or how it learns, in order to better predict the desired outcome. In essence, it can be thought of as an automated way of figuring out what works best and then adjusting accordingly. This is similar to how people learn – they experiment with different options, see what works well, and then focus on those things.	gradient	Explain gradient (machine learning) using an analogy.
A gradient is like a hill. It's steepest at the top and gets less steep as you go down. This makes it easy to walk up, but harder to walk down. The same thing is true for machine learning: the algorithm is easiest to learn when the data is clustered together, and more difficult as it becomes more dispersed.	gradient	Explain gradient (machine learning) using an analogy.
Gradient is like a hill. The higher the gradient, the steeper the hill. This means that it is easier to go uphill (i.e., increase the value of the function) if you are near the top of the hill than if you are closer to the bottom.	gradient	Explain gradient (machine learning) using an analogy.
A gradient is like a hill. It's steepest at the top and gets gradually less steep as you go down. This makes it easy to walk up, but harder to walk down. The same is true for machine learning gradients - they make it easy to learn new things (by moving in the right direction), but hard to unlearn them (by moving in the wrong direction).	gradient	Explain gradient (machine learning) using an analogy.
In gradient descent, you are trying to find the lowest point in a given function. You can think of this as walking downhill. Every step you take, you go down a little bit more until you reach the bottom.	gradient	Explain gradient (machine learning) using an analogy.
Gradient clipping is a technique for reducing the influence of outliers on machine learning models. It works by clipping the gradient of each training sample to a fixed value, chosen to be close to but not above the average gradient magnitude within that sample. This has two benefits: first, it reduces the impact of noisy data on the model; second, it encourages the model to learn more generalizable features since it can’t rely as heavily on specific samples with high gradients.	gradient clipping	Explain gradient clipping (machine learning) using an analogy.
Gradient clipping is like when you are getting a haircut and your hair stylist clips the ends of your hair so the style will be more consistent. Gradient clipping in machine learning is used to clip the gradients of a neural network at certain points so that it can learn more effectively.	gradient clipping	Explain gradient clipping (machine learning) using an analogy.
Gradient clipping is a technique used in machine learning to prevent over-fitting of the model to the training data. It works by limiting the size of the gradient vector that is allowed to be propagated through the network during each iteration. This helps reduce the number of parameters that are adjusted during each round of optimization, and can help improve generalization performance.	gradient clipping	Explain gradient clipping (machine learning) using an analogy.
Gradient clipping is a technique used in machine learning to prevent the model from overfitting on the training data. It works by limiting how much the gradient of the cost function can decrease at each iteration of the optimization algorithm. This limits how closely the model can fit the training data, and prevents it from memorizing them.	gradient clipping	Explain gradient clipping (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are climbing a mountain. At each step, the altitude increases. If you continue moving in this direction, eventually you will reach the peak of the mountain. However, if there is a cliff at that point, you will fall off. In gradient clipping, we prevent our machine learning algorithm from going too far in one direction by artificially limiting its range of motion.	gradient clipping	Explain gradient clipping (machine learning) using an analogy.
In greedy policy, the machine learning algorithm tries to find a local optimum solution to a problem. The analogy would be like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. The algorithm keeps trying different solutions until it finds one that is the best fit.	greedy policy	Explain greedy policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
A greedy algorithm is one that always makes the best decision it can at each step, without regard for the future. This analogy might help: imagine you are a thief planning a robbery. You would want to take the most valuable items first, so you can get the biggest payoff. That's like a greedy algorithm—it always goes for the best possible option right now, without worrying about what might happen later.	greedy policy	Explain greedy policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Greedy policy is like a person who always wants the biggest piece of pie. They will take the first piece that is offered to them, and they won't stop until they have consumed the entire pie.	greedy policy	Explain greedy policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
A greedy policy in machine learning is similar to a person who is trying to lose weight. This person would be very focused on losing the most amount of weight in the shortest period of time.	greedy policy	Explain greedy policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Greedy policy is like a person who always wants the biggest piece of cake. They will take the first piece they see, even if it means that they won't get any more cake.	greedy policy	Explain greedy policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
The ground truth in machine learning is the "correct" answer to a question. Just like in real life, the ground truth can sometimes be difficult to determine. In some cases, there may not be a single correct answer, and different people might have different opinions on what the right answer is.	ground truth	Explain ground truth (machine learning) using an analogy.
Training a machine learning algorithm is a bit like teaching a youngster how to ride a bike. You start by showing them how it's done, then you help them practice until they can do it themselves. Once they can ride on their own, you gradually let go and see if they can keep going without falling over.	ground truth	Explain ground truth (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, the "ground truth" is a set of data that is used as a benchmark to assess the accuracy of predictions made by a machine learning algorithm. The ground truth can be thought of as the "correct answer" for a given problem or dataset.	ground truth	Explain ground truth (machine learning) using an analogy.
A ground truth in machine learning is like a gold standard for teaching a computer how to recognize objects. For example, if you wanted to teach a computer to recognize different types of fruits, you would need a set of images that are all labelled as 'apple', 'orange', etc. That way, the computer can learn what an apple looks like by comparing its features against the examples provided.	ground truth	Explain ground truth (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you imagine that your brain is a computer, and that the thoughts in your head are actually programs or applications running on that computer, then you can think of "ground truth" as the actual data those applications are based on. In other words, ground truth would be the information that's input into the system to create those thoughts - for example, if you're thinking about a cat, then the ground truth would be all of the images, videos and stories you've seen or heard about cats.	ground truth	Explain ground truth (machine learning) using an analogy.
Group attribution bias is like when a group of people are trying to decide who is going to do something and they all just assume that one person is going to do it, even though no one has said anything. It's kind of like when you get a bunch of kids together and they all start pointing at someone else saying "he did it!"	group attribution bias	Explain group attribution bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Group attribution bias is when people give more weight to the characteristics of a group than to the individual. For example, if you know that someone is from a particular city, you might be more likely to stereotype them as being rude or aggressive, even if they have never behaved in such a way.	group attribution bias	Explain group attribution bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
When people make decisions, they often look to the actions of others in their group as a cue for what they should do. This is known as group attribution bias. In machine learning, this happens when models rely too heavily on the data from other models in the same group (or family) when making predictions. When this happens, it can cause the models to become biased and not accurately predict outcomes.	group attribution bias	Explain group attribution bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Group attribution bias is a type of cognitive bias that involves overestimating the influence of personality traits on behavior within groups. It can be thought of as an extension of the fundamental attribution error, which occurs when people underestimate the role of situational factors and overestimate the role of personal factors in explaining others’ behavior. Group attribution bias arises because people tend to see groups as having more coherent and consistent personalities than individuals do. This leads them to attribute group behavior more strongly to personality traits than they would individual behavior. For example, if a team loses a game, people might say that it was because the team has a poor attitude or is not very talented. However, if an individual on the team performs poorly, people are more likely to say that this person is not very good at sports	group attribution bias	Explain group attribution bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Attribution bias is when people place undue emphasis on certain factors when explaining the behavior of a group, rather than looking at all of the factors that may have contributed to it. For example, if there is a robbery at a store, some people may attribute it to the fact that the store was in a bad neighborhood, while others may say that it was because the employees were not paying attention. Neither explanation is necessarily correct, but both are attributing the blame for the robbery to something other than the individual perpetrators. In machine learning, attribution bias can occur when algorithms make incorrect assumptions about which variables caused a particular outcome.	group attribution bias	Explain group attribution bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hashing is a process of mapping data points to unique integers. It can be thought of as an analogy to fingerprints, where each data point has a unique "fingerprint" and no two data points are alike. Hashing allows machine learning algorithms to quickly compare and find similarities between data points.	hashing	Explain hashing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hashing is like a fingerprint of data. It’s a unique representation of information that can be used to identify files, or compare data sets. When you hash data, you create a string of numbers and letters that represent the content. This makes it easy to find specific files without having to search through every single one on your computer. You can also use hashes to track changes in data over time. If the hashing algorithm remains the same, then two datasets with the same hash value should have exactly the same content.	hashing	Explain hashing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hashing is a technique used in machine learning to reduce the size of training data sets. It works by creating a unique identifier for each item in the set, and then storing only the identifiers instead of the full items. When it comes time to use the data set for training or testing, the identifiers are converted back into their corresponding items. This process allows machines to learn from large data sets without taking up too much space or processing time.	hashing	Explain hashing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hashing is a process that takes an input, like a picture of a cat, and turns it into a unique digital fingerprint, or hash. This hash can be used to identify the picture later on, even if the picture is changed in any way.	hashing	Explain hashing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hashing is like finding a key to unlock a door. The computer tries many different keys until it finds the right one. Once it finds the right key, the door opens and the computer can get into the room.	hashing	Explain hashing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Heuristic is like a Google search engine. It helps you find what you are looking for by giving you several options and then helping you narrow those down to the best one.	heuristic	Explain heuristic (machine learning) using an analogy.
Heuristic is like a recipe. It's a guideline that you can use to make decisions or solve problems.	heuristic	Explain heuristic (machine learning) using an analogy.
Heuristic is like a recipe. It’s a set of instructions that you can follow to make something. Heuristic is also like a map. It tells you where things are and how to get there.	heuristic	Explain heuristic (machine learning) using an analogy.
A heuristic is like a recipe. It's a set of instructions that you can use to make something. Heuristics are often used in machine learning because they are a way to learn how to do something without needing all the information upfront.	heuristic	Explain heuristic (machine learning) using an analogy.
Heuristic reasoning is a bit like solving a jigsaw puzzle. You know that certain pieces fit together, so you start with those and then work out where the other pieces go. Heuristic learning works in a similar way – it starts with some basic rules or information (the ‘pieces’) and from there, it gradually builds up more complex knowledge.	heuristic	Explain heuristic (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hidden layer is like a filter that the computer uses to learn. The hidden layer takes all of the information from the input layer (like pictures of different types of animals) and sorts it out. It then decides which pieces of information are important and which ones aren’t.	hidden layer	Explain hidden layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hidden layer is like a filter that the computer uses to recognize objects. The input image is fed into the hidden layer, which then outputs an identification of the object.	hidden layer	Explain hidden layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hidden layer is like a group of workers who are not seen by the public but work behind the scenes to make everything run smoothly. In machine learning, a hidden layer is a set of neurons in a neural network that are not visible to the user but help the computer learn how to recognize patterns.	hidden layer	Explain hidden layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hidden layer is like a sponge. It soaks up all the information that it can from the input data and then uses that information to learn how to do its job.	hidden layer	Explain hidden layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hidden layer is like a secret room in a house. It's not visible from the outside, but it's there and it has an important function. In machine learning, the hidden layer is a part of the algorithm that performs some kind of analysis or calculation that isn't visible to the user.	hidden layer	Explain hidden layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hierarchical clustering is similar to organizing a file drawer. At the top, you have one big cluster (the files in your desk). Under that, you might have smaller clusters (the folders within your desk), and under those, still smaller clusters (the individual papers within each folder). Hierarchical clustering works in a similar way: data is first grouped together by similarity, and then groups are further divided into smaller and smaller subgroups until all the data is sorted into distinct categories.	hierarchical clustering	Explain hierarchical clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hierarchical clustering is like a group of friends that all know each other. The first level of the hierarchy are friends that only know each other. The second level are friends that are also friends with the people in the first level, and so on.	hierarchical clustering	Explain hierarchical clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hierarchical clustering is a machine learning technique that can be used to group data into clusters. It works by first finding all of the similar items in the data set and then grouping them together. The process is repeated until all of the data has been grouped into clusters.	hierarchical clustering	Explain hierarchical clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hierarchical clustering is like sorting a pile of toy cars by color. The first step is to group all the red cars together, then group all the blue cars together, and so on. This process can be repeated until all the cars are sorted into one big group.	hierarchical clustering	Explain hierarchical clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hierarchical clustering is a machine learning technique that groups similar data points together. This can be done in a number of ways, but the most common is to start with all of the data points being lumped into one big group. Then, the machine learning algorithm looks for similarities between data points within that group and divides them into smaller groups based on those similarities. It then repeats this process until all of the data points are grouped into their own clusters.	hierarchical clustering	Explain hierarchical clustering (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are trying to learn how to play the guitar, and your teacher only ever showed you how to play a few basic chords, you would have a lot of trouble playing anything else. This is because you haven't learned the "hinges" that connect one chord to another. Hinge loss in machine learning is similar- it occurs when a system has not been taught how to link different pieces of information together, and therefore can only perform very specific tasks.	hinge loss	Explain hinge loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hinge loss is the term used in machine learning to describe how much data is needed in order to learn a task. In other words, it's a measure of how effectively your model can generalize from the training data to new examples. Think of it as the difference between what you know and what you can predict. The bigger the hinge loss, the more difficult it will be for your model to learn from the data.	hinge loss	Explain hinge loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a teacher. You have two classes of students, Class A and Class B. In your class A, the students always do well on tests and homework assignments. However, in your class B, the students don't do as well on tests and homework assignments. To help improve the performance of the students in Class B, you decide to use a hinge loss function when grading their work. This will cause the grade for each student in Class B to be more heavily weighted towards their test scores than their homework scores. As a result, the students in Class B will perform better on tests than they did before.	hinge loss	Explain hinge loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hinge loss is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm performs on separating two classes of data. It is measured by how much the algorithm misclassifies examples from each class. The hinge loss analogy would be if you were trying to separate red and blue balls, and your algorithm kept mixing up balls of the same color.	hinge loss	Explain hinge loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you've ever used a hinge, you know that it's not the most secure way to fasten two things together. In fact, if there's too much force on the hinge, it will eventually give way and the objects will separate. This is what happens in machine learning when we use a neural network: at some point, the network will "fail" (the objects will separate) and we'll have to start over with a new model.	hinge loss	Explain hinge loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about holdout data is by imagining you are a contestant on a game show. The producers of the game show want to test how well you would do on the show, so they give you a practice round. They also tell you that in the real game, there will be another contestant competing against you. In order to best prepare for the competition, you should focus on practicing against someone who is similar to your opponent in the actual game.In machine learning, holdout data is used during training to help predict how well an algorithm will perform on new data. The idea is that if an algorithm can accurately predict values for held-out data (similar to what it would predict for new data), then it has a good chance of doing well when applied more broadly.	holdout data	Explain holdout data (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about holdout data is as a group of people who are not in the experiment. The people in the experiment (the training set) are used to learn about what works and what doesn't, and then the holdout set is used to test how well the model performs on new data.	holdout data	Explain holdout data (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you imagine that the data being learned is a map, then the holdout set can be thought of as an area on the map that has not been explored yet. The aim of machine learning is to find patterns in the data so that we can better understand it. The holdout set provides a way of testing how well our machine learning algorithm performs when applied to data that it has not seen before.	holdout data	Explain holdout data (machine learning) using an analogy.
A holdout is like a teacher that is not allowed to see the test questions until after the students have taken the test. The teacher can then grade the tests and give feedback to the students.	holdout data	Explain holdout data (machine learning) using an analogy.
Suppose you want to buy a new car but are unsure about which one to choose. You go to a dealership and look at a few different models, but you can't decide between two of them. The dealer tells you that if you don't make a decision by the end of the day, he'll sell the cars to other customers. So you leave without buying anything and go home to think about it.The next day, you still can't decide which car to buy, so you go back to the dealership. But now both of the cars have been sold! The dealer says that if you had made up your mind yesterday, you could have bought either one of them.This is similar to what happens in machine learning when there is incomplete data. A holdout set is like the customer who leaves without buying a car on the first day. Training data is like all of the people who come into the dealership and test out different cars - they might not be interested in buying any of them, but they give information about what's available. Validation data is like going back to see if either of the two cars are still available - in machine learning terms, it's used to check how well your model performs on data that wasn't used during training (just as seeing whether or not either of those cars are still for sale would tell you something about their popularity).	holdout data	Explain holdout data (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hyperparameter is a knob on a machine that you can turn to change the way the machine works. For example, on a sewing machine there are several knobs that control things like the stitch length and width. You can turn these knobs to change how the stitches look. In machine learning, hyperparameters are settings that you can tweak to change the way an algorithm works.	hyperparameter	Explain hyperparameter (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hyperparameters are like the knobs on a stereo. They are settings that you can change to make your machine learning algorithm work better.	hyperparameter	Explain hyperparameter (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hyperparameter is a knob on a machine that you can turn to change how the machine works. For example, you might have a hyperparameter for the number of times to repeat a task, or the strength of an electric current. In machine learning, we use hyperparameters to control things like how much data to use in training our models, how many layers and neurons to include in our neural networks, and what weightings to give different features when building our models.	hyperparameter	Explain hyperparameter (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hyperparameter is like the knob on a stereo that allows you to change the sound. In machine learning, it's a parameter that is adjustable before training begins.	hyperparameter	Explain hyperparameter (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hyperparameter is a knob or dial on a machine that you can turn to change the way it works. In machine learning, we use hyperparameters to change how our algorithms work. We can adjust things like how sensitive they are to different kinds of data, how many layers of neurons they have, and other settings.	hyperparameter	Explain hyperparameter (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hyperplane is like a fence. It divides things into two categories: those that are on one side of the fence and those that are on the other.	hyperplane	Explain hyperplane (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hyperplane can be thought of as a flat plane that splits up a higher dimensional space into two parts. In machine learning, it is often used to separate data points into different groups.	hyperplane	Explain hyperplane (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hyperspace is a mathematical construct used to model and analyze geometric objects in higher dimensions. In the context of machine learning, a hyperplane is an imaginary line that divides a data set into two parts, such that all points on one side of the line belong to one class and all points on the other side belong to another class.	hyperplane	Explain hyperplane (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hyperplane is a straight line that divides a plane into two regions. In machine learning, it is used as a way to separate data into different categories.	hyperplane	Explain hyperplane (machine learning) using an analogy.
A hyperplane is like a flat piece of wood that you can use as a guide to make evenly spaced cuts on a piece of lumber. In machine learning, the hyperplane is used as a guide to separate training data into two or more groups.	hyperplane	Explain hyperplane (machine learning) using an analogy.
I.i.d is like learning a new language. When you learn a new language, you are exposed to many different examples of that language. Over time, your brain will start to see patterns in the examples and it will start to remember the words and phrases that it has seen before. This is similar to how machine learning works; it “learns” by seeing lots of different examples and then looking for patterns.	i.i.d.	Explain i.i.d. (machine learning) using an analogy.
I.i.d is like a set of twins, they look very similar and share a lot of the same characteristics but are not exactly the same. I.i.d works in machine learning by creating models that are based on data sets that have been randomly split into two parts - one part will be used to train the model and the other will be used to test it. This helps to ensure that the model is effective and accurate when predicting outcomes for new data sets.	i.i.d.	Explain i.i.d. (machine learning) using an analogy.
I.i.d is like a recipe for making a cake - it ensures that the cake will come out the same every time, no matter who makes it. In machine learning, i.i.d means that if you take two data sets and train a model on one of them, you can expect the model to perform equally well on the other set (assuming they have similar properties). This is important because it allows us to confidently use models trained on one data set to make predictions about another data set.	i.i.d.	Explain i.i.d. (machine learning) using an analogy.
An example of how i.i.d. might be applied in the context of a learning machine is as follows: imagine that you are creating a program to learn how to play tic-tac-toe perfectly. In order for your machine to do this, it will need some way of judging its own performance, so that it can learn which moves result in a win and which moves result in a loss. One way to do this would be to have the machine keep track of all the games it plays, recording not only the final outcome but also all of the individual moves made during each game. After playing enough games, the machine could then analyze this data to identify any patterns or trends (such as certain move combinations that always seem to lead to wins).	i.i.d.	Explain i.i.d. (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of i.i.d. is as if each example in your data set is like a separate deck of cards. If you shuffle the decks and then deal them out one at a time, the order of the cards will be different every time. However, if you reshuffle the decks and deal them out again, you'll get pretty much the same ordering each time. This is because the cards are randomly shuffled, so there's no real pattern to how they're distributed.Now imagine that instead of dealing out individual cards, you're flipping through a book with pictures printed on every other page. Each time you flip to a new picture, it's a completely new image - just like with the decks of cards. But if you keep flipping back to pages that have already been seen, they'll look pretty much identical each time because they've been duplicated elsewhere in the book. This is basically what happens when your data set has i.id.- it's made up of examples that are all unique (like individual playing cards), but when viewed together they form patterns (like identical pages in a book).	i.i.d.	Explain i.i.d. (machine learning) using an analogy.
A computer is like a person who can't see. They need someone to show them around and tell them what everything is called. With image recognition, you are teaching the computer what different things look like so that they can identify them on their own in the future.	image recognition	Explain image recognition (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you imagine that you are an alien who has never seen a human before, and you were shown a picture of one, your task would be to learn how to recognize humans from pictures. This is similar to what machine learning algorithms do when they are "trained" on a data set - they learn how to identify certain features in images that correspond with specific objects (in this case, humans).	image recognition	Explain image recognition (machine learning) using an analogy.
The best way to think of image recognition is as a child learning how to recognize different objects. At first, the child doesn't know what an object is, but over time they learn how to identify different objects based on their shape, color, and other distinguishing features. Image recognition works in a very similar way. The computer starts by not knowing how to distinguish between different images, but it gradually learns how to do so based on specific characteristics that are unique to each image.	image recognition	Explain image recognition (machine learning) using an analogy.
I can't do a great job of this, but I'll try. Imagine you are a robot that has been tasked with sorting through a box full of pictures. Each picture is labeled with a word, like "cat" or "dog". Your job is to look at each picture and then decide where it goes based on the label. You might see a few cats and dogs throughout the process, and eventually you will get better and better at sorting them correctly. This is basically how machine learning works - by seeing lots of examples (pictures in our analogy), the machine gets better and better at recognizing patterns (cats vs dogs).	image recognition	Explain image recognition (machine learning) using an analogy.
You may have seen face recognition software used by Facebook and other websites to suggest friends you may know. This is an example of image recognition, which is a type of machine learning. Image recognition algorithms are trained using a large set of images that have been labeled with the objects or features they contain. For example, Facebook may use pictures of people's faces that have been tagged with their names to train its algorithm. When you upload a new photo, the algorithm will analyze it and try to find matches for the known faces in its training set.	image recognition	Explain image recognition (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you have a dataset that is unbalanced, it means that there are many more examples of one type of data point than the other. This can be problematic for machine learning algorithms because they may end up accidentally favoring one type of data point over the other. This can cause your algorithm to perform less well on unseen data points, since it will have been trained using only the biased data set.	imbalanced dataset	Explain imbalanced dataset (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a farmer trying to grow tomatoes. The first year, you plant 50 seeds and all of them germinate and grow into healthy plants. The second year, you only plant 25 seeds, but 20 of them germinate and grow into healthy plants. This would be an example of an imbalanced dataset because there are many moretomatoes in the first year than in the second year.	imbalanced dataset	Explain imbalanced dataset (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a farmer, and you have 100 chickens. You want to figure out which ones lay eggs, so you label each chicken as either “lay egg” or “does not lay egg”. After a while, you notice that 60 of your chickens are labeled as “lay egg”. This would be an imbalanced dataset because there are more chickens that lay eggs than there are chickens that don't lay eggs.	imbalanced dataset	Explain imbalanced dataset (machine learning) using an analogy.
A biased coin has more chances to come up heads than tails. An imbalanced dataset is like a biased coin, where one type of data (e.g. spam emails) occurs much more often than the other type of data ( legitimate emails). This makes it difficult for machine learning algorithms to learn from the data, as they are not exposed to enough examples of the minority class (legitimate emails in this analogy).	imbalanced dataset	Explain imbalanced dataset (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for an imbalanced dataset is to imagine you are a judge in a criminal case. The prosecution has provided you with overwhelming evidence that the defendant is guilty. However, the defense only presents one witness, who claims that the defendant was nowhere near the scene of the crime at the time it occurred. This witness is not believable, and there is no other evidence to support their claim. In this situation, even though there is significant evidence against the defendant, they would likely be found not guilty because of the imbalance in evidence between the two sides.	imbalanced dataset	Explain imbalanced dataset (machine learning) using an analogy.
Implicit bias is similar to when you learn how to ride a bike. You first have to think about what you are doing, but eventually it becomes automatic and you don't have to think about it anymore.	implicit bias	Explain implicit bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Implicit bias is a bit like the spam filter on your email account. It's a system that's designed to automatically learn and categorize things based on previous experience, without any conscious input from you. So, for example, if you get an email with an attachment that looks like it might be spam, your spam filter will likely put it in the "spam" folder without you having to do anything. Likewise, if you have a history of receiving emails from people in Africa, your spam filter may start to automatically label all emails from Africa as "safe." This is an implicit bias - it's something that happens unconsciously and is based on prior experience.	implicit bias	Explain implicit bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Implicit bias is like a computer virus. It's a hidden code that affects how we think and act, without our awareness or consent.	implicit bias	Explain implicit bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you implicit bias something, you are teaching it to recognize patterns in data so that it can make predictions or decisions. For example, when you teach your computer to recognize different types of flowers, you are implicitly biasing it to be able to distinguish between daisies and roses.	implicit bias	Explain implicit bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Implicit bias is a bit like when you learn how to drive a car. At first, the process of driving seems really difficult - you're concentrating on all the different things you need to do: watching the road, keeping your hands on the wheel, using your mirrors, pressing down on the pedals etc. But after doing it for a while, it becomes second nature. You stop thinking about each individual action and start seeing the bigger picture. Driving becomes an automatic response that happens without conscious thought.The same thing can happen with machines learning how to recognise objects in photos or videos. At first, they have to be taught what every object looks like individually. But over time, they learn to see objects more broadly and identify them automatically - just like we do when we recognise someone we know from a distance or spot our car in a parking lot.	implicit bias	Explain implicit bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you were to judge two people by how fair they are, one might be considered very fair because they always give everyone an equal chance. The other might be considered unfair because they always give themselves an advantage.	incompatibility of fairness metrics	Explain incompatibility of fairness metrics (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you put two people in a room and told them both they could only have one seat, they would be incompatible. In the same way, different fairness metrics are incompatible when used together to evaluate machine learning models.	incompatibility of fairness metrics	Explain incompatibility of fairness metrics (machine learning) using an analogy.
You can think of machine learning algorithms as scientists trying to learn about the world by studying data. The goal is for the algorithm to find patterns in the data and use those patterns to make predictions. However, different algorithms can sometimes give very different results when they analyze the same data set. This is because each algorithm has its own idea about what is fair or unfair. So, even if two people look at the same set of data, they may come up with completely different conclusions about what is fair and unfair.	incompatibility of fairness metrics	Explain incompatibility of fairness metrics (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you have two people, one who is very strong and the other who is very weak, it would not be fair to make them both do the same amount of work. The person who is stronger would likely become frustrated with having to do more work than the person who is weaker. This analogy can be used to explain why different fairness metrics can often produce contradictory results when applied to machine learning models. For example, a metric that takes into account how many incorrect predictions a model makes may classify a model as unfair if it disproportionately predicts outcomes for one group over another, even if the overall accuracy of the model is high.	incompatibility of fairness metrics	Explain incompatibility of fairness metrics (machine learning) using an analogy.
Fairness metrics are like speedometers in cars. They measure how fast the car is going, but they don't work well when the car is going backwards.	incompatibility of fairness metrics	Explain incompatibility of fairness metrics (machine learning) using an analogy.
Two students taking an exam have the same chances of getting any particular question right, regardless of whether the first student or the second student is answering it. This similarity in chances persists no matter how many questions are on the exam, and no matter when individual questions are asked. In other words, for these two students, the likelihood that either will get a given question right is constant (assuming they don't cheat). This scenario can be thought of as an example of something that is independently and identically distributed (i.i.d.).	independently and identically distributed (i.i.d)	Explain independently and identically distributed (i.i.d) (machine learning) using an analogy.
I.i.d is a bit like the orderly stacking of identical bricks. The first brick is placed, and then the next one goes on top in an exact copy of the first, followed by the next and so on. Applied to probability theory, this would represent a sequence of events where each outcome is absolutely independent of all others – like flipping coins or pulling balls from urns with replacement.	independently and identically distributed (i.i.d)	Explain independently and identically distributed (i.i.d) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Two friends are flipping a coin. Each time, they flip the coin and observe whether it is heads or tails. They keep track of their observations and find that their coins are i.i.d., meaning that the probability of getting heads on any given flip is always 50%.	independently and identically distributed (i.i.d)	Explain independently and identically distributed (i.i.d) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Two dice are thrown, each with six sides. What is the probability of getting a two on either die? The two outcomes are independent because the result of one roll does not affect the outcome of the other roll. The two outcomes are also identical because they both have six possible results.	independently and identically distributed (i.i.d)	Explain independently and identically distributed (i.i.d) (machine learning) using an analogy.
I.i.d is like a bag of identical marbles. Each marble is indistinguishable from the others, and the odds of pulling any particular one out are always the same.	independently and identically distributed (i.i.d)	Explain independently and identically distributed (i.i.d) (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you are learning with a machine, it is important that the machine behaves in a way that is fair to you. This means that it should not give you answers that are based on its own biases, but rather on the evidence available. For example, imagine you are playing a game against a computer opponent. If the computer always gives you answers that favour itself, no matter what the evidence suggests, then it would not be fair. In contrast, if the computer only gave you answers when there was clear evidence to support them, then it would be fairer.	individual fairness	Explain individual fairness (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you are learning how to ride a bike, you go through a lot of training. You practice at home, in the park and on the street. The more time you spend practicing, the better your chances of riding the bike without falling off. This is because when it comes to riding a bike, practice makes perfect!The same principle applies to machine learning algorithms - the more data they have to learn from, the better their accuracy will be. Individual fairness means that each algorithm has access to an equal amount of data so that no one algorithm has an unfair advantage over another.	individual fairness	Explain individual fairness (machine learning) using an analogy.
In the world of machine learning, individual fairness means that each person is treated in exactly the same way. This is important because it ensures that no one is given an unfair advantage or disadvantage based on their personal characteristics, such as race or gender.	individual fairness	Explain individual fairness (machine learning) using an analogy.
Just as everyone has an equal chance of being chosen to participate in a lottery, everyone who is input into a machine learning algorithm should have an equal chance of influencing the model’s predictions. This is important because it ensures that people are not unfairly penalized or rewarded based on factors like their race, gender, or socioeconomic status.	individual fairness	Explain individual fairness (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you go to the grocery store, you expect that the prices of items will be fair. This means that different items will not have wildly different prices, and that the price of an item will not change depending on who is buying it. Individual fairness in machine learning refers to algorithms that are designed so that no single individual can have a significant advantage over others when using the algorithm. This is important because it ensures that everyone has an equal opportunity to benefit from the algorithm’s predictions or recommendations.	individual fairness	Explain individual fairness (machine learning) using an analogy.
Inference is like when you watch a crime show on TV and the detectives are trying to figure out who committed the crime. They use evidence from the scene of the crime, like fingerprints or DNA, to make deductions about who did it. In inference, algorithms use data to learn patterns and then make predictions about new data.	inference	Explain inference (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you learn to drive, you are not given a list of all the things that will happen on the road and what you should do in each case. Instead, you are shown how to respond to some specific situations (like when someone steps out into the street) and then left to figure out the rest yourself. Inference is a lot like this - it's a process of learning from examples and then using what you've learned to make predictions about new situations.	inference	Explain inference (machine learning) using an analogy.
Inference is a bit like deduction. If you see smoke, you might infer that there's a fire. In machine learning, if you have data about how flowers are related to bees, and you observe that a bee is visiting a flower, you might infer that the bee is looking for nectar or pollen.	inference	Explain inference (machine learning) using an analogy.
Inference is like making a guess based on the evidence at hand. For example, if you see someone walking around in the rain with no coat on, you might infer that they're not from around here and don't know how cold it is outside.	inference	Explain inference (machine learning) using an analogy.
Inference is like when you see a dog on the street and assume that it's a pet. You're not actually seeing the dog's owner, but you're inferring that from what you know about dogs. In machine learning, inference is using past data to predict future events.	inference	Explain inference (machine learning) using an analogy.
In-group bias is a phenomena where people display preferential treatment towards individuals they perceive as being members of their own group, over those who are not. This often occurs unconsciously and without intent to harm or disadvantage outsiders. An analogy for in-group bias in machine learning would be if a computer were programmed to only recognize images of faces that belonged to a certain race, gender, or age group. The computer would be able to correctly identify images of faces from within its designated group with high accuracy rates, but would struggle when attempting to identify faces from outside the group.	in-group bias	Explain in-group bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
When a person is learning to recognize objects, they will be better at recognizing objects that are common in their everyday life. For example, someone who spends a lot of time outdoors will be better at recognizing different types of trees than someone who doesn't spend much time outdoors. This is because the person who spends time outdoors has more experience with different types of trees, so they have developed a stronger in-group bias for recognizing trees.	in-group bias	Explain in-group bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
In-group bias is when we are more likely to favor people in our group than those outside of it. This can happen in machine learning when a model is trained on one set of data and then tested on a different set. The model may perform better on the data it was trained on because it is familiar with that set and knows how to best predict outcomes. When the model is tested on data it has never seen before, it may not do as well because it doesn't have any experience with that data.	in-group bias	Explain in-group bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
In group bias is a type of cognitive bias that occurs when individuals within a group favor their own group over other groups. This can happen in machine learning when a model is trained on a dataset that is biased towards one particular class. For example, if the dataset only includes images of people with light skin, the model may be more likely to correctly identify someone as being light-skinned than someone who has dark skin.	in-group bias	Explain in-group bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
In-group bias is a cognitive bias that occurs when people favor members of their own group over others. This can be seen in machine learning when algorithms are more likely to correctly identify images of objects from within the dataset they are trained on, than objects from another dataset.	in-group bias	Explain in-group bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
The input layer is like the foundation of a house. It's what everything else is built on top of. In machine learning, the input layer is made up of all the data that you're using to train your model.	input layer	Explain input layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Input layer is like the foundation of a house. It's what everything else is built on top of.	input layer	Explain input layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
The input layer is analogous to the human senses. The input layer takes in information from the environment and sends it to the next layer for processing.	input layer	Explain input layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
The input layer is like the foundation of a house. It's what everything else is built on top of.	input layer	Explain input layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Input layer is like the foundation of a building. It provides a stable surface for everything else to be built on top of. In machine learning, the input layer is responsible for receiving and processing all of the data that will be used to train the model.	input layer	Explain input layer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Interpretability is like being able to read a book. You can understand the story without having to know all the details of how it was written. Machine learning algorithms are like this too - you can understand what they are doing without needing to know the ins and outs of their code.	interpretability	Explain interpretability (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about interpretability is as a map. A good map can help you understand where you are, where you’ve been, and how to get from one place to another. Interpretable machine learning models provide a similar kind of understanding for data: they can help explain why specific predictions were made, and what factors influenced those decisions. This level of understanding is important for ensuring that models are fair, transparent, and trustworthy.	interpretability	Explain interpretability (machine learning) using an analogy.
Interpretability is like being able to read a book. With machine learning, you can get insights from the data that you wouldn’t be able to see just by looking at the numbers. You can understand what the model is doing and how it arrived at its predictions.	interpretability	Explain interpretability (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think about a machine learning model as a black box, then interpretability is what allows you to peek inside the box and understand how it works. This can be helpful for things like troubleshooting problems with the model, or explaining its results to other people.An analogy I like is that of a car. A car has many parts that work together to make it run - the engine, the brakes, the steering wheel, etc. If something goes wrong with the car, you need to be able to understand how all those different parts interact in order to fix it. The same goes for machine learning models - if something goes wrong, you need to be able to understand how all the different pieces work together in order to diagnose and fix the problem.	interpretability	Explain interpretability (machine learning) using an analogy.
Interpretability is like being able to read. When you can interpret something, you can understand it. Machine learning models are not perfect, and they sometimes produce results that we do not understand. Interpretability helps us to understand why a machine learning model produces the results that it does, so that we can trust its predictions more.	interpretability	Explain interpretability (machine learning) using an analogy.
Inter-rater agreement is a measure of how well different raters agree on the assessment of some entity. In other words, if two or more people rate something (e.g., a movie), how often do they share the same rating? This can be thought of as a form of machine learning because it involves teaching robots to make decisions by having them learn from examples.	inter-rater agreement	Explain inter-rater agreement (machine learning) using an analogy.
Rater agreement is the degree of consistency between raters in their ratings. In other words, it's how much two different people agree when rating something on a scale from 1 to 10, for example. Inter-rater agreement can be thought of as similar to a machine learning algorithm. Just as two machines working together (the "algorithm") can learn how to do a task better over time, so too can raters achieve better inter-rater agreement when they work together and compare notes constantly.	inter-rater agreement	Explain inter-rater agreement (machine learning) using an analogy.
Inter-rater agreement is the degree of consistency between raters when evaluating something. In machine learning, this is often measured by how well a machine can learn to accurately predict the ratings given by different human raters. This analogy might help illustrate it: imagine you have two people who are both going to rate the quality of ice cream. Person A might give all ice creams they try a rating of 7/10, while person B might give all ice creams they try a rating of 5/10. If we want to know whether or not these two people generally agree on the quality of ice cream, we would look at how their ratings compare for each individual ice cream. We would then calculate an inter-rater agreement score, which tells us how consistent their ratings are overall.	inter-rater agreement	Explain inter-rater agreement (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you give a math test to a classroom of students, and then grade the tests later, you will likely find that different students received different grades. Even if you try your best to be consistent in your grading, some variability is inevitable. This is because no two people are exactly alike, and so even identical tests administered to different individuals will produce slightly different results.This phenomenon can also occur when multiple people are grading the same test. If one person grades a particular question A+, but another person grades it B-, the average grade for that question will be somewhere in between A+ and B-. This type of variability is known as inter-rater agreement or reliability.Inter-rater agreement can be evaluated using something called a correlation coefficient. The closer this value is to 1, the more reliable the ratings are. If the correlation coefficient falls below 0.5, it indicates that there is relatively low agreement among raters, and thus the ratings should not be trusted very much	inter-rater agreement	Explain inter-rater agreement (machine learning) using an analogy.
Inter-rater agreement is a measure of how well different raters (or machines) agree on the classification of data. In other words, it is a way to quantify how consistent different raters or machines are in their judgments. An analogy for understanding inter-rater agreement would be if you had two people judging whether a particular painting was " masterpiece" or not. Suppose that both judges agreed almost all of the time about which paintings were masterpieces and which ones were not. This would result in high inter-rater agreement between the two judges. However, suppose that one judge thought that pretty much every painting was a masterpiece, while the other judged only very few paintings as such. This would result in low inter-rater agreement between the two judges.	inter-rater agreement	Explain inter-rater agreement (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of intersection over union (IOU) is as a voting system. The IOU of two sets is the number of elements in both sets combined, divided by the total number of elements in either set. So, for example, if you have a set A with three members, and a set B with five members, then the IOU of A and B would be 3/8 or .375. This means that if you polled all the students at your school to see their favorite type of ice cream flavor, 375 people would say they like one flavor that is shared by both sets (chocolate), while 125 people would prefer a different flavor than either chocolate or any flavor in set A (strawberry).	intersection over union (iou)	Explain intersection over union (iou) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The intersection over union operator is similar to the logical AND operator. It returns a truth value of true only if both operands are true. The union operator is similar to the logical OR operator. It returns a truth value of true if either operand is true.	intersection over union (iou)	Explain intersection over union (iou) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Intersection over Union is a way of measuring how much one data set overlaps with another. In essence, it is the percentage of data in both sets that are shared. This can be useful when trying to determine how similar two datasets are.	intersection over union (iou)	Explain intersection over union (iou) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Intersection over union is like a Venn diagram. It is used to measure the overlap of two sets. The intersection (i) is the part of the diagram where both sets intersect, and the union (u) is the part of the diagram where both sets are included.	intersection over union (iou)	Explain intersection over union (iou) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A mechanic is trying to fix two cars that share a common part. The mechanic can either work on one car at a time, or both cars at the same time. If the mechanic works on one car at a time, it will take twice as long to fix them both. If the mechanic works on both cars at the same time, it will take half as long to fix them both.	intersection over union (iou)	Explain intersection over union (iou) (machine learning) using an analogy.
IOU is a machine learning technique that helps in predicting future events. It works by identifying patterns in data and using those patterns to make predictions about what might happen next. IOU can be thought of as a "learning computer" that gets smarter over time as it observes more and more data.	iou	Explain iou (machine learning) using an analogy.
A computer is like a car. It can be told to do things using a set of instructions (the programming), and it will do them. With enough instructions, you can get the computer to do anything that's possible with cars - from driving on specific routes to changing the oil or even fixing a flat tire.Machine learning is like giving the computer directions for how to react in certain situations. You might tell it what to do when it sees a stop sign, for example - brake, turn off the engine, and put on the hazard lights. Then, if the computer sees a stop sign somewhere else, it'll know what to do without having to be specifically programmed for that situation.	iou	Explain iou (machine learning) using an analogy.
IOU can be thought of as a “friend” in your phonebook. Whenever you want to call someone, but don’t have their number memorized, you simply look them up in your contacts list. IOU works in a similar way: it is a machine learning algorithm that helps you find and remember patterns in data. By using IOU, you can quickly learn which variables are most important for predicting certain outcomes, and then use this information to make more accurate predictions in the future.	iou	Explain iou (machine learning) using an analogy.
IOU is a type of machine learning where the computer system is taught how to recognize and remember patterns in data. This allows the system to make predictions about future events, based on past experiences. The analogy would be that it is like a human being remembering different people they have met and what their names are, as well as what they look like.	iou	Explain iou (machine learning) using an analogy.
IOU is like a flashcard system for remembering things. You can create a deck of cards with each card representing one fact, and then "flash" the cards (show them to yourself quickly) to remember the facts. iou is similar, in that it creates a data structure (a matrix) that remembers how strongly different genes are associated with each other.	iou	Explain iou (machine learning) using an analogy.
The item matrix is similar to a table of contents in a book. It helps identify and locate specific topics or items within the text. In machine learning, the item matrix can be used to identify which items (features) are most important for predicting a particular outcome (target variable).	item matrix	Explain item matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
A grocery store might have a matrix that maps different items to the locations in the store where they are typically found. So, for example, milk would be mapped to the dairy section, bread would be mapped to the bakery section, and so on.	item matrix	Explain item matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning item matrix is similar to a spreadsheet with data arranged in rows and columns. In the example below, there are four items (rows) and five participants (columns). The cells in the matrix contain either a 1 or a 0 depending on whether or not the participant was able to correctly identify the item.An analogy for understanding an item matrix would be to think of it as being like a grocery store's inventory list. In this analogy, each row would represent one different type of product (i.e., eggs, bread, milk, etc.) and each column would represent one day during the week. The cell at intersection ij would indicate how many items of type j were sold on day i.	item matrix	Explain item matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
A grocery store would be an analogy for a machine learning item matrix. In the store, there are shelves of food items and each shelf has a number associated with it. The item matrix is like a map of the store that tells you which shelf every food item is on.	item matrix	Explain item matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
The item matrix is like a map of all the different items in a set, and it shows how often each item appears. This can be really useful for machine learning algorithms, because it helps them figure out which items are most important to focus on.	item matrix	Explain item matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of machine learning is as a computerized version of what we do when we learn from experience. For example, imagine you are a new driver. After some driving practice, you start to get better at it. You learn which maneuvers work well and which ones don’t. This is because your brain is constantly taking in information (the motions you make while driving) and using it to improve your driving skills over time. Machine learning works in a very similar way. The computer takes in data (for example, pictures of cats) and uses that data to learn how to identify cats more accurately.	items	Explain items (machine learning) using an analogy.
One can think of machine learning algorithms as "decision trees". The tree is constructed by asking a series of questions, each one leading to another question or set of options. At the end of the tree, there is a decision that is made based on the answers to all the previous questions.	items	Explain items (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a computer program that can learn from data. It is similar to how humans learn from experience. Machine learning can be used to improve the performance of a computer system, for example by improving its ability to recognize objects in an image or words in text.	items	Explain items (machine learning) using an analogy.
Items in machine learning can be thought of as things you would see on a resume. Namely, your skills, experiences, and education. Just as you might highlight different items on your resume to best market yourself to a potential employer, you want to choose the right algorithms and parameters when training your machine learning model. This will help it learn as accurately as possible.	items	Explain items (machine learning) using an analogy.
A person who has never seen a cat before may be confused when someone points at a small, fluffy creature and says "This is a cat." The first time the person sees a dog, however, they will likely be able to identify it as such because they have some prior knowledge of what dogs look like. Machine learning algorithms are similar: they require data (examples) in order to learn how to recognize patterns.	items	Explain items (machine learning) using an analogy.
Iteration is like a recipe. You follow a set of instructions to make something, then you tweak the recipe and make it again. With each iteration, you get closer and closer to the perfect outcome.	iteration	Explain iteration (machine learning) using an analogy.
Iteration is like going up a spiral staircase. You go up one step, and then you come back down to the bottom of the stairs and start again. This time, you go up two steps, and then you come back down to the bottom of the stairs and start again. And so on, until you reach the top of the staircase.	iteration	Explain iteration (machine learning) using an analogy.
Iteration is like a recipe. The first time you make it, you might not get it perfect. But by making small adjustments each time based on what you learned from the last attempt, you'll eventually end up with something delicious.	iteration	Explain iteration (machine learning) using an analogy.
Iteration, in machine learning, can be thought of as a kind of recipe. You might start with a basic recipe for, say, cookies. To make this recipe more accurate, you might first test it on a small group of people to see how well it turns out. Based on their feedback, you might then tweak the recipe—adding an extra egg or adjusting the baking time—before trying it again on a new group of people. Over time, through repeated testing and tweaking, your recipe will become increasingly accurate. This is essentially what iteration does in machine learning: It uses feedback from past data to improve future predictions.	iteration	Explain iteration (machine learning) using an analogy.
Iteration is like a recipe. You follow the instructions and make the dish again and again until you get it just right. Iteration is also like learning to ride a bike. You keep practicing until you can do it well.	iteration	Explain iteration (machine learning) using an analogy.
Keras is a machine learning library that can be seen as an “API” or interface. It allows you to build and train deep learning models without having to delve into the underlying mathematics and low-level code. Keras provides a high-level, easy-to-use way of working with neural networks, making it perfect for beginners in the field.	keras	Explain keras (machine learning) using an analogy.
Keras is a bit like Lego blocks for machine learning. It's a library that makes it easy to build and train neural networks, which are algorithms modeled after the way our brains work. Just as you can use different colors and shapes of Lego blocks to create all sorts of things, with Keras you can create custom models for your specific needs.	keras	Explain keras (machine learning) using an analogy.
Keras is a bit like the Google Translate of machine learning. It takes all of the different coding languages for machine learning and condenses them into one user-friendly platform. This makes it much easier for people with no coding experience to get started in the world of machine learning!	keras	Explain keras (machine learning) using an analogy.
Keras is a machine learning library that is similar to MATLAB. It allows you to build and train neural networks easily.	keras	Explain keras (machine learning) using an analogy.
Keras is like a guitar. It's a tool that can be used to create music, and it's up to the musician to decide what they want to create. Keras is also customizable - different musicians might use different guitars or amps, or change the strings on their guitar, in order to get the sound they want. Similarly, machine learning practitioners can customize Keras however they want in order to create models that best suit their needs.	keras	Explain keras (machine learning) using an analogy.
The keypoints of a machine learning algorithm are like the checkpoints on a racecourse. They mark the places where runners must slow down and make sure they're on track before speeding up again. Likewise, keypoints help machine learning algorithms ensure that they are correctly processing data and making accurate predictions.	keypoints	Explain keypoints (machine learning) using an analogy.
A keypoint is like a stoplight. It's a point in space or time where something interesting happens. In machine learning, we use keypoints to find the boundaries of objects in a image or the beginning and end of speech utterances.	keypoints	Explain keypoints (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for keypoints is finding the location of a specific address in a city. The addresses are like unique points in space, and just as you can get from one point to another by following the street grid, you can use keypoints to find locations in an image.	keypoints	Explain keypoints (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you learn to drive a car, you are taught the keypoints - things like how to use the pedals, how to change gears, and where the steering wheel is. After learning these keypoints, driving becomes much easier because you know what to do in any situation.In machine learning, we also learn keypoints. These are things like how to find relevant data, how to train a model, and how to evaluate its performance. Once we understand these keypoints, it becomes much easier to apply machine learning techniques in new situations.	keypoints	Explain keypoints (machine learning) using an analogy.
A keypoint is a specific location in an image that the computer algorithm can use to identify an object. It is like a road map for the computer, telling it where to look for objects in pictures and videos.	keypoints	Explain keypoints (machine learning) using an analogy.
KSVMs are like a group of people who have been specifically trained to help you move your furniture. They know how to lift and carry heavy items, where to place them in your home, and how to do it quickly and safely.	kernel support vector machines (ksvms)	Explain kernel support vector machines (ksvms) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Kernel support vector machines are like a group of people who work together to move something heavy. The people form a line and each one takes a turn pushing or pulling on the object until it moves. The more people there are in the line, the easier it is to move the object.	kernel support vector machines (ksvms)	Explain kernel support vector machines (ksvms) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Kernel support vector machines are like cars. Cars have an engine, four tires, and a chassis. The engine provides power to the car, while the tires provide traction and keep the car moving. The chassis supports the entire car and allows it to move in any direction. In the same way, kernel support vector machines use a kernel function to calculate distances between data points. These distances are used to create a decision boundary that separates different classes of data. Like cars, kernel support vector machines can be used for many different purposes such as transportation or racing.	kernel support vector machines (ksvms)	Explain kernel support vector machines (ksvms) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Kernel support vector machines (ksvms) are a special type of machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the probability that an event will occur. They work by using a kernel function to map data points into a higher dimensional space. This allows them to identify patterns and relationships between data points that would be difficult to see in lower dimensional spaces.	kernel support vector machines (ksvms)	Explain kernel support vector machines (ksvms) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A kernel support vector machine is a type of machine learning algorithm that uses kernels to calculate distances between data points. It can be thought of as a way to supercharge traditional SVMs, which are limited to using only linear functions. By using kernels, ksvms can learn nonlinear relationships between data points and achieve better accuracy in many cases.	kernel support vector machines (ksvms)	Explain kernel support vector machines (ksvms) (machine learning) using an analogy.
K-means is a type of machine learning algorithm that is used to cluster data. It works by first assigning each data point to a group (or "cluster") based on its similarity to other data points. It then adjusts the group assignments so that each data point is assigned to a group that corresponds to its most common neighbor.	k-means	Explain k-means (machine learning) using an analogy.
K-means is a technique used by machines to learn how to group things together. It works something like this: imagine you have a bunch of objects, and you want to put them into groups. You can do this by looking at all the objects and trying to figure out which ones naturally go together. But what if there are a lot of objects, or some of them don’t fit easily into any group? This is where k-means comes in.K-means starts by picking a number (k) for how many groups it should create. Then it takes all the objects and divides them up evenly among the k groups. It keeps track of which object goes in which group, and then repeats the process until there aren’t any more new groups forming (or until it’s been going for a certain amount of time without making any progress). At the end, you have k groups each containing a different set of objects that were sorted based on how similar they are to one another.	k-means	Explain k-means (machine learning) using an analogy.
K-means clustering is a technique for automatically grouping data points into clusters. It does this by trying to find the best way to assign each point to one of a number of clusters, so that the points in each cluster are as similar as possible to one another.	k-means	Explain k-means (machine learning) using an analogy.
K-means is a machine learning algorithm used to cluster data into k groups. The clusters are determined by assigning each observation to the group with the nearest mean.	k-means	Explain k-means (machine learning) using an analogy.
K-means is a type of algorithm that is used for clustering data. Clustering data means taking a bunch of data and putting it into groups. So, if you had a list of 100 different things, k-means would take that list and put it into 10 different groups, or clusters. It does this by trying to find the best way to divide up the data so that each group has about the same number of items in it.	k-means	Explain k-means (machine learning) using an analogy.
K-median is a type of machine learning algorithm that can be used to find the best location for a new store or office. The algorithm works by trying to find the median (or middle) point in a set of data points. This point is then used as the ideal location for the new store or office.	k-median	Explain k-median (machine learning) using an analogy.
K-median is a machine learning algorithm that is used to solve clustering problems. It works by constructing a k-dimensional Voronoi diagram, and then finding the medians of the clusters that are created.	k-median	Explain k-median (machine learning) using an analogy.
The k-median clustering algorithm is a machine learning technique used to partition data into groups. The goal of k-means clustering is to find the best k clusters within the data, where each cluster has a representative point that is as close as possible to all the other points in the cluster.	k-median	Explain k-median (machine learning) using an analogy.
A k-median clustering algorithm is like a set of crayons. It takes a bunch of different colors and tries to put them into groups. The k-median algorithm finds the center of each group so that all the colors are as close together as possible.	k-median	Explain k-median (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine that you are a business owner who needs to hire employees for your shop. You have a lot of applicants, but you can't interview them all. How do you find the best employees without spending too much time interviewing each one?One approach is to use k-median clustering. This algorithm will group together similar applicants and then you can only interview the people in each group. This saves time because you don't have to interview every applicant; you can just interview the people in each group.	k-median	Explain k-median (machine learning) using an analogy.
Loss is a measure of how far from the correct answer a machine learning algorithm’s guesses are. Imagine you are trying to learn what color someone’s eyes are by asking them questions. If your guess for someone’s eye color is blue, and their eye color is actually green, then your loss would be one because you were one letter off in your prediction.	l1 loss	Explain l1 loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Loss is the opposite of gain. When you are learning, you want to minimize loss so that your overall gains are as high as possible. Loss in machine learning is a measure of how far off your predictions are from the actual values.	l1 loss	Explain l1 loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
In the context of machine learning, l1 loss is often likened to a teacher who wants to make sure her students are studying hard by giving them quizzes. The goal of using l1 loss is to prevent the algorithm from “learning” inaccurate patterns or associations during training, which could lead to suboptimal performance on subsequent tasks. In other words, l1 loss helps keep the algorithm honest and focused on learning the most accurate patterns possible.	l1 loss	Explain l1 loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
L1 loss (or "Least Absolute Deviation" loss) is a measure of how far a prediction error deviates from zero. It's similar to the Mean Squared Error, but penalizes predictions that are further away from zero more heavily. This makes it better suited for problems where the goal is to minimize prediction errors as closely as possible to zero.	l1 loss	Explain l1 loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Loss is the opposite of profit. It is the amount of money that a business spends in order to make a certain amount of money. For example, if a business spends $100 in order to make $120, then the loss is $20.	l1 loss	Explain l1 loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
In some ways, think of L1 regularization as a way of “tightening the belt” on a machine learning model. It helps to reduce overfitting, which is when a model begins to excessively rely on training data and starts to perform poorly when applied to new data. You can think of it as a way of penalizing models for including too many terms or features in their equations. This penalty encourages the model to be more selective about which features it considers important, resulting in a more accurate prediction.	l1 regularization	Explain l1 regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
L1 regularization can be thought of as a technique for “shrinking” or “squeezing” a set of training data. Just as squeezing a rubber ball will cause it to shrink in size, applying l1 regularization to a set of data will cause the individual elements within that dataset to become smaller and more similar to one another. This serves to reduce the overall complexity of the dataset, which can make learning algorithms more accurate and efficient.	l1 regularization	Explain l1 regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
L1 regularization can be thought of as a technique for “shrinking” the size of a model. It does this by penalizing models that have more parameters than is necessary to fit the data. This penalty encourages the model to become simpler, and can lead to improved performance on some tasks.	l1 regularization	Explain l1 regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
L1 regularization can be best explained using an analogy. Imagine you are a detective trying to solve a crime. You have some suspects, and you have some evidence against each of them. However, not all of the evidence is equally strong. Some pieces of evidence are more important than others in determining whether or not someone is guilty. In order to make your job easier, you might want to give more weight to the stronger pieces of evidence while still considering all of the evidence in your investigation. This is similar to what l1 regularization does in machine learning: it gives extra weight to the strongest features in your data set while still considering all of the features when making decisions about classifying new data points.	l1 regularization	Explain l1 regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
L1 regularization is like training a dog not to bark. By providing a small punishment each time the dog barks (i.e., applying a l1 penalty), the trainer can slowly condition the dog to stop barking. In machine learning, l1 regularization imposes a penalty on models with too many parameters, encouraging them to become simpler and better-fitting models.	l1 regularization	Explain l1 regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
A common analogy for explaining l2 loss is that it is similar to losing weight. Just as a person trying to lose weight needs to burn more calories than they consume, a machine learning algorithm trying to reduce its l2 loss needs to minimize the sum of the squared differences between its predictions and the actual values being predicted.	l2 loss	Explain l2 loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Loss is the opposite of gain. In machine learning, it's used to refer to the error made when a model is predicting something. The greater the loss, the more inaccurate the predictions.	l2 loss	Explain l2 loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of a learning algorithm as someone who is trying to learn new information, then the "loss" function is like a teacher. The teacher determines how well the student is doing and provides feedback on how they can improve. In machine learning, the "loss" function measures how accurately the learner has understood the training data. It's basically a way of quantifying how good (or bad) the learner's current model is.	l2 loss	Explain l2 loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you have a jar of 500 marbles, 250 red and 250 blue. You want to figure out how many red marbles are in the jar. You can do this by randomly pulling out 10 marbles, counting how many are red, and dividing that number by 10. This is an example of sampling with replacement. It's a pretty accurate way of figuring out the percentage of red marbles in the jar, but it's slow and tedious.Now let's say you have a machine learning algorithm that can accurately predict whether a marble is red or blue based on its coloration and some other information about the marble (weight, size, etc.). If you wanted to know how many red marbles were in the jar, you could simply input all 500 marbles into the machine learning algorithm and it would give you an answer. This is an example of l2 loss - instead of taking multiple samples from the population and doing some math to find an answer, we're using our machine learning algorithm to make a prediction for us.	l2 loss	Explain l2 loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Loss is a measure of how far off our predictions are from the true values. It's like trying to hit a target - our measured distance from the target is our loss. The smaller the loss, the closer we are to hitting the target!	l2 loss	Explain l2 loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
L2 regularization is a technique used in machine learning to prevent models from overfitting the training data. It does this by penalizing the magnitude of coefficients in the model, which encourages them to be smaller (and therefore more accurate). This analogy may help illustrate how L2 regularization works: imagine you're trying to learn how to draw a circle. If you only practice drawing circles within a small area, your final drawings will likely be very accurate within that area, but they'll probably look quite different if you try to draw them elsewhere. Adding a penalty for drawing circles that are too large (representing overfitting) will encourage you to keep practicing until your circles are fairly consistent no matter where you draw them.	l2 regularization	Explain l2 regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
L2 regularization is like adding weights to your backpack. The more weight you add, the harder it becomes to walk. L2 regularization helps machines learn by making it more difficult for them to “walk” away from the correct solution, analogous to humans carrying a weighted backpack.	l2 regularization	Explain l2 regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, l2 regularization is a technique used to reduce the variance of a model's predictions. It can be thought of as an extra term added to a prediction function that penalizes large values. This makes the model less likely to overfit the training data and produces more accurate predictions on new data.	l2 regularization	Explain l2 regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's imagine you are a weight lifter. You want to increase the size of your muscles, but you don't want to get too bulky. So you add some resistance (l2 regularization) to your workouts, which makes it harder for your muscles to grow larger. This limits how big your muscles can get, while still allowing them to become stronger.	l2 regularization	Explain l2 regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
L2 regularization can be thought of as a technique for “shrinking” the size of a neural network. It does this by penalizing neuron weights that are too large (indicating that the network is over-fitting the training data), making them smaller. This helps to prevent the network from memorizing specific examples in the training data, and instead encourages it to learn general patterns.	l2 regularization	Explain l2 regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Labelling a data set is like putting a name on each person in a group. Once the data set has been labelled, it can be used to train a machine learning algorithm. The algorithm will learn how to identify people with similar characteristics based on the names that have been given to them.	labeled example	Explain labeled example (machine learning) using an analogy.
The labeled example is like giving a person a math problem and telling them what the answer is. The person can then look at other math problems and know what the answer should be without needing to have the problem explained to them.	labeled example	Explain labeled example (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a toddler learning how to speak. The machine is given examples of things (sounds, words, objects) and it tries to find patterns. It keeps practicing and learning from its mistakes until it can speak fluently.	labeled example	Explain labeled example (machine learning) using an analogy.
A labeling example is like a teacher grading homework. The teacher looks at the homework and decides what letter grade to give it, based on how well it demonstrates the concepts that were taught in class. In machine learning, a labeled example is a piece of data that has been pre-determined to be associated with a certain outcome. For example, say you are trying to teach a computer to recognize pictures of cats. You might have several thousand images of cats, and each one would be considered a labeled example.	labeled example	Explain labeled example (machine learning) using an analogy.
The labeled example is like a teacher pointing out specific things that they want their student to learn. The teacher will use different techniques, such as questioning, demonstration, and repetition to ensure the student understands the concept. In machine learning, a labeled example is used to teach a computer how to identify certain objects or patterns in data.	labeled example	Explain labeled example (machine learning) using an analogy.
Lamda is a bit like Google Translate for human conversation. It takes small bits of text, or dialogue, and learns how to best translate them so that both parties can understand each other.	lamda (language model for dialogue applications)	Explain lamda (language model for dialogue applications) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Lamda is a bit like a recipe. Recipes are models of how to make things, and they can be tweaked so that they produce different results each time. Lamda is a model of dialogue, which means it can be used to create different conversations each time.	lamda (language model for dialogue applications)	Explain lamda (language model for dialogue applications) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Lamda is a bit like English grammar. It helps to structure and make sense of spoken dialogue, so that computer programmes can understand it and respond in the most natural way possible.	lamda (language model for dialogue applications)	Explain lamda (language model for dialogue applications) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Lamda is like a grammar book for dialogue applications. It helps machines learn how to have natural conversations with people.	lamda (language model for dialogue applications)	Explain lamda (language model for dialogue applications) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A lamda is a computer language designed for dialogue applications, such as chatbots. It works by learning how people talk to each other, so it can create realistic conversations with humans. Lamda is similar to other machine learning languages, like Python and R, but it has been specifically designed for dialogue purposes.	lamda (language model for dialogue applications)	Explain lamda (language model for dialogue applications) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Lambda (machine learning) is like a personal assistant that helps you learn. You can ask it questions about anything you're interested in, and it will help you find information or teachings on the subject. It's always there to help guide you and answer any questions you may have.	lambda	Explain lambda (machine learning) using an analogy.
Lambda is like a do-it-yourself machine learning tool. It's a function that lets you create custom algorithms without having to write any code. You can use lambda to define functions, filter data, and even partition your data sets.	lambda	Explain lambda (machine learning) using an analogy.
Lambda is a type of function used in machine learning. It is similar to a regular function, but it can be applied to multiple arguments at the same time. This makes it easier to process large data sets.	lambda	Explain lambda (machine learning) using an analogy.
Lambda is a bit like the search bar on Google. You can type in what you're looking for, and Google will give you a list of related websites to check out. Lambda is the same way - it's a tool that lets you find specific pieces of information from within a larger dataset.	lambda	Explain lambda (machine learning) using an analogy.
Lambda is a bit like how your email address works. You can use different addresses for different purposes - work, home, etc. Lambda allows you to do the same thing with code: you can create functions that are specific to what you're trying to do, without creating a whole new program each time.	lambda	Explain lambda (machine learning) using an analogy.
Landmarks in machine learning are similar to guideposts that help orient a person walking through an unfamiliar city. They provide information about the relative location of various points in space and can be used to direct navigation. In the same way, landmarks in machine learning help identify important points in data and can be used to improve the accuracy of predictions or classifications.	landmarks	Explain landmarks (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for landmarks in machine learning is using a map. Just as landmarks on a map help orient you and give you bearings, so too do landmarks in machine learning. Landmarks can provide an important reference point to help make sure your machine learning algorithm is working correctly.	landmarks	Explain landmarks (machine learning) using an analogy.
Landmarks are like signposts in the world. They can help you find your way around, and tell you where you are relative to other places. In machine learning, landmarks are important features of data that can help you orient yourself and understand where you are in relation to everything else.	landmarks	Explain landmarks (machine learning) using an analogy.
Landmarks are like signposts. They help you find your way around in an unfamiliar place. In machine learning, they are useful for finding the best location to start training a model from and for identifying areas of high uncertainty during testing.	landmarks	Explain landmarks (machine learning) using an analogy.
Landmarks are like signposts on a road. They help you to orient yourself and navigate your way around. In machine learning, landmarks are important features of the data that can be used to identify it more easily and accurately.	landmarks	Explain landmarks (machine learning) using an analogy.
A language model is a bit like learning a new language. You might start by learning some basic words and how to put them together into simple phrases. Once you have learned a few basics, you can start forming more complicated sentences. With enough practice, you’ll eventually be able to speak the new language fluently.	language model	Explain language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A language model is like a dictionary that tells you how likely it is for different words to appear together. For example, the word "apple" is more likely to be followed by the word "juice" than the word "chair."	language model	Explain language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A language model is a bit like a dictionary. It stores all the words in a language and how they are related to each other. This information can be used by a machine learning algorithm to help it learn new words and understand how they are related to other words.	language model	Explain language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A language model is like a dictionary. It stores all the words in a language and their definitions. A machine learning algorithm can use this information to predict the meaning of unknown words.	language model	Explain language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A language model is something that understands all of the different ways in which words can be put together to create sentences. Just like you would use a dictionary to look up the definition of a word, a language model uses data to understand how different words are related to one another. This way, it can predict what words might come next in a sentence.	language model	Explain language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
The large language model analogy is that it is like learning a new language. When you first learn a new language, it is difficult to understand all of the words and phrases. However, as you continue to study and use the language, your understanding improves until you can fluently speak the language. The same is true for machine learning algorithms; they start by having a limited understanding of the data but improve over time as they are exposed to more data.	large language model	Explain large language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A large language model is like a very detailed dictionary. It can predict the meaning of words based on their context and usage.	large language model	Explain large language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A large language model is like a dictionary. It stores all the words in a language and their definitions. A machine learning algorithm can use this information to learn how words are related to each other and to predict the meaning of unknown words.	large language model	Explain large language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A large language model is like a dictionary. It contains all of the words in a language, as well as information about how they are used. A machine learning algorithm can use this information to learn how to predict the next word in a sentence, based on the previous words.	large language model	Explain large language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Large language model is like a dictionary. It stores all the words in a language and their definitions. A machine learning algorithm can use this information to learn how words are related to each other and to understand the meanings of text passages.	large language model	Explain large language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Least squares regression is a technique for approximating the relationship between two variables by fitting a line through a set of data points. The line that is fitted will have the least squared error, hence the name "least squares regression".	least squares regression	Explain least squares regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Least squares regression is a technique used in machine learning to find the best-fitting line through a set of points. The line is determined by minimizing the sum of the squared distances between each point and the line. This process is analogous to using a ruler to draw a straight line through a series of dots on paper.	least squares regression	Explain least squares regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Least squares regression is a machine learning technique used to find the best linear approximation for a set of data points. It does this by minimizing the sum of the squared errors between each data point and the line that is being fit. This analogy might help illustrate how it works: imagine you are trying to draw a straight line through a series of dots on paper. You would start by finding the midpoint between two adjacent dots, then drawing a line from that point to the next dot. You would continue doing this until you had drawn a complete line through all of the dots. The least squares regression algorithm does something similar, except instead of using geometric points it uses numerical values (i.e., x-values and y-values). It starts by calculating the average of all of the x-values and all of the y-values, then draws a straight line through those points. Finally, it adjusts the shape and position of that line so that its overall error (the sum of squared differences between each data point and its corresponding point on the fitted line) is minimized	least squares regression	Explain least squares regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Least squares regression is like a map. It takes all of the data points that we have and creates a formula that will help us find our way from Point A to Point B. This formula can be used to predict how likely it is that someone will travel from Point A to Point B, based on the data that we have collected.	least squares regression	Explain least squares regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Least squares regression is similar to attempting to fit a straight line through a set of scattered points. The goal is to find the line that minimizes the sum of the squared distances between each point and the line. This approach is known as least squares because it finds the line that requires the smallest amount of effort (or “squaring”) to perfectly align all of the points.	least squares regression	Explain least squares regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Linear model is like a school desk. It has a straight edge and is perfect for holding textbooks and other materials while you sit and learn.	linear model	Explain linear model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Linear regression is a bit like using a magnifying glass to focus sunlight on an object to make it hotter. You can think of the linear model as a way of focusing all of the information in your training data (the sunlight) onto your prediction problem (the object you’re trying to heat up). This helps you find patterns and relationships between different variables that you might not have been able to see before.	linear model	Explain linear model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Linear models are similar to predicting whether a person will vote for a candidate based on their race, age and gender. In this analogy, the race of the person is the input variable (x), their age is the output variable (y) and whether they voted for the candidate or not is our predicted value (p). We use linear regression to find the best line of fit that predicts voting behavior from race, age and gender.	linear model	Explain linear model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Linear models are like a slide ruler. They allow us to measure how one variable is related to another, and they do this with great accuracy.	linear model	Explain linear model (machine learning) using an analogy.
The linear model is like a ruler. It can be used to measure things that are straight and it can be used over and over again without wearing out. The linear model measures how well different features of a data set predict the outcome that you are interested in.	linear model	Explain linear model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Linear regression is like a slide rule. It takes two input values (x and y) and calculates the slope of the line that best fits those points.	linear regression	Explain linear regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Linear regression is like using a ruler to measure the length of a line. You place the ruler at one end of the line and measure how long it is. Then you move the ruler to another spot on the line and measure again. You can then use this information to draw a graph that shows how long the line is in different spots.	linear regression	Explain linear regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Linear regression is similar to predicting the weather. By studying past weather data (e.g., temperature, humidity, atmospheric pressure, wind speed), a machine learning algorithm can learn how to predict future weather conditions. In the same way, linear regression can be used to predict the outcome of a given event based on historical data. For example, if we wanted to know whether or not an individual has a high probability of becoming pregnant in any one month, we could use linear regression to analyze monthly pregnancy rates for women within a certain age group and geographical area.	linear regression	Explain linear regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Linear regression is a bit like predicting the path of a thrown ball. You can use linear regression to predict how far the ball will travel based on certain variables, such as the angle at which it was thrown and its initial velocity.	linear regression	Explain linear regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Linear regression is like a slide ruler. It can be used to measure distances between points on a line.	linear regression	Explain linear regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Logistic regression is a machine learning algorithm used to predict the probability of an event occurring. It can be thought of as a function that takes in covariates (predictors) and outputs a number between 0 and 1, representing the probability that the event will occur. The logistic regression algorithm works by minimizing a cost function, which is essentially a measure of how well the predictions match the actual outcomes.	logistic regression	Explain logistic regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
A doctor is trying to predict whether a patient has cancer. She has data on how likely patients are to have cancer, based on such factors as their age and sex. The doctor can use logistic regression to help her predict whether any given patient has cancer, based on the information she has about that patient.	logistic regression	Explain logistic regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Logistic regression is like a very simple microscope. You point it at something and it tells you how likely it is that what you're looking at is a cat.	logistic regression	Explain logistic regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Logistic regression is like a microscope. It can be used to zoom in on specific details that are hidden from view when looking at something from a distance.	logistic regression	Explain logistic regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Logistic regression is like a microscope. It can be used to see things that are too small for the naked eye to see.	logistic regression	Explain logistic regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of a machine learning algorithm as trying to learn how to predict some outcome, then the "logits" are what it outputs at the end of its training process. They're a measure of how likely it is that any given input will lead to the predicted outcome.	logits	Explain logits (machine learning) using an analogy.
Logits are a measure of how likely an event is to happen, similar to percentages. However, while percentages can only take values between 0 and 100%, logits can take any real number value. This makes them more accurate when predicting events.	logits	Explain logits (machine learning) using an analogy.
Logits are the "measure of how confident a machine learning algorithm is that it’s prediction is correct." In other words, they're a way to quantify how likely something is. An analogy for logits might be odds in sports betting. The higher the logit value associated with a particular outcome, the more confident the machine learning algorithm is about that outcome.	logits	Explain logits (machine learning) using an analogy.
Logits are a bit like the odds of something happening. They’re a way to measure how likely it is that something will happen, based on data. You can use them to work out what your best options are, or to see how likely you are to win a game of chance.	logits	Explain logits (machine learning) using an analogy.
Logits are like a scale that goes from 0 to 1. The closer your input is to 1, the more likely the machine learning algorithm thinks it is correct.	logits	Explain logits (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm is trying to learn how to predict a certain outcome, such as whether or not an email will be spam. The log loss function measures how close the predictions are to the actual outcomes. It's like giving someone a multiple choice test with four possible answers, and then checking their accuracy by seeing how many of the answers they got right.	log loss	Explain log loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
In order to better understand log loss, it can be helpful to think of it as a kind of “score” that measures how well a machine learning algorithm is performing. The higher the log loss value, the worse the algorithm is doing. In other words, log loss is a way of quantifying how close (or far) an algorithm’s predictions are from the actual values.	log loss	Explain log loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Suppose you are a contestant on the game show “Jeopardy!”. You are given the following clue:This six letter noun is both a type of cheese and a colorThe answer is “Cheese”. To win, you need to give the correct question that has this answer as its response. The loss function in this analogy would be equivalent to how much money you lose if you buzz in with the wrong question.	log loss	Explain log loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of your accuracy as a percentage, then think of the log loss as a negative number. Just like with percentages, the closer to zero the log loss is, the better. This is because it means that there are no errors in your predictions at all.	log loss	Explain log loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
The log loss function is a measure of how close a machine learning model is to predicting the correct label for each example in a dataset. It's analogous to the "loss" or negative value that you might see when using gradient descent to optimize a neural network. The lower the log loss value, the more accurate the predictions made by the machine learning model are.	log loss	Explain log loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you flip a coin, the odds of it landing on heads is 1 in 2 (50%). This means that if you flip the coin 100 times, then there is a 50% chance that it will land on heads at least once. The log-odds of flippingheads would be -0.5 because this is the inverse of the probability (1/2) raised to the power of 0.5 (-0.5 = 0.693).	log-odds	Explain log-odds (machine learning) using an analogy.
Log-odds are a measure of how likely something is to happen. You can think about it as the odds of an event, multiplied by the natural logarithm of that event. This gives you a number that's proportional to how likely the event is.	log-odds	Explain log-odds (machine learning) using an analogy.
A log-odds score is a numerical value that measures how well a machine learning algorithm predicts the probability of an event occurring. It can be thought of as a "badness" score, where lower numbers indicate better predictions. An analogy for this could be betting on horse races. A log-odds score would represent how accurately you are able to predict which horse will win the race.	log-odds	Explain log-odds (machine learning) using an analogy.
Log-odds is similar to the odds you would find in a Las Vegas casino. The odds of an event are the probability of that event occurring, multiplied by the payoff if the event does occur. So, for example, suppose there is a coin-flipping game in which heads pays $2 and tails pays nothing. The odds of flipping heads are 1/2, because there is a 50% chance of flipping heads. If someone bets $1 on heads, they stand to win $2 if it flips up (the bet plus the payout). Their log-odds would be 2 – 1 = 1.	log-odds	Explain log-odds (machine learning) using an analogy.
The log-odds of a particular feature is the number of times that feature appears in positive examples divided by the number of times it appears in all examples. To explain this using an analogy, let's say you're flipping a coin and want to know what the odds are of getting heads. If you flip the coin ten times and get six heads, then the odds of getting heads on your next flip would be 6/10 or 60%. This is because there are six chances out of ten that you will get heads again. The log-odds for Heads would be 6/10 or 0.6 (remember, logs turn numbers negative when they're bigger than one).	log-odds	Explain log-odds (machine learning) using an analogy.
A long short-term memory (LSTM) is a type of recurrent neural network used in machine learning. It is an artificial intelligence algorithm that allows a computer to learn and remember information over extended periods of time. LSTMs can be used to predict the future based on past events, which makes them well-suited for tasks such as natural language processing.An analogy for how an LSTM works would be to imagine a person with excellent long-term memory. This person could remember things from many years ago, as well as details from very recent experiences. An LSTM works similarly by remembering patterns of data over long periods of time.	long short-term memory (lstm)	Explain long short-term memory (lstm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A long short-term memory is like a human brain. It can remember things for a long time, and it can also process new information very quickly.	long short-term memory (lstm)	Explain long short-term memory (lstm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Using an analogy, long short-term memory can be thought of as a human’s ability to remember things for a long time, and also remember recent events very accurately. It is like having two different “memories” that work together to help us remember everything we encounter.	long short-term memory (lstm)	Explain long short-term memory (lstm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you have a long list of items that you need to remember, like the groceries you need to buy on your way home from work. You might try to remember them all by repeating the list over and over in your head, but that can be difficult and it's easy to forget something. A better option would be to use a technique called 'chunking' where you break the list down into smaller chunks that are easier to remember. For example, if you needed to buy bread, milk, cheese and eggs, you could break it down into four chunks: -Bread-Milk-Cheese-Eggs	long short-term memory (lstm)	Explain long short-term memory (lstm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A long short-term memory (LSTM) is a type of recurrent neural network used in machine learning. It is an artificial intelligence technique that helps machines to remember things for longer periods of time. LSTMs are similar to traditional RNNs, but they have additional “forgetting” mechanisms which help them to keep track of recent information while still remembering earlier events.	long short-term memory (lstm)	Explain long short-term memory (lstm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The loss curve is the "path" that the error takes as it decreases while the model is being tuned. Think of it like a car trying to reach its destination (the bottom of the curve). The further away from the destination, or in this case, lower on the curve, the car is, the more errors it makes. As you can see in this graph, there are many different ways for a car to get close to its destination; but there's only one way for it to reach exactly 0 errors (at least with this data set). This is why tuning your machine learning model is so important; you want to find that sweet spot where your model makes minimal mistakes.	loss curve	Explain loss curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
A loss curve is a graphical representation of the performance of a machine learning algorithm. It plots the number of incorrect predictions made by the algorithm against the number of correct predictions. The resulting curve gives you an idea of how well the algorithm is performing and whether it is getting better or worse at distinguishing between true and false positives as more data is used to train it.	loss curve	Explain loss curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
Some think of loss curves as mountains. The top of the mountain is the highest point, and the valleys are low points. In machine learning, the x-axis corresponds to how well your model is performing (on a scale from 0-1), while the y-axis shows how much data you’ve used to train your model. As you add more data, your model should get better and better at predicting outcomes - so the curve will start moving up and to the right. If you stop training your model with new data however, it will eventually level off or even decline in performance as it becomes less accurate at predicting future events than past events.	loss curve	Explain loss curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
A loss curve is similar to a graph of how much weight a person loses over time. Just as the weightloss varies for different people, so does the amount of loss plotted on the curve for different machines learning algorithms.	loss curve	Explain loss curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
The loss curve is the graphic representation of how a machine learning algorithm performs on different kinds of data. The x-axis shows the variety of inputs, while the y-axis measures how successful the algorithm is at correctly classifying these inputs.	loss curve	Explain loss curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
Loss surfaces can be thought of as mountains. The lower the altitude, the easier it is to traverse. The higher the altitude, the more difficult it is to traverse. Similarly, in machine learning, a low loss surface indicates that there are many paths to reach a minimal error value. A high loss surface indicates that there are few paths to reach a minimal error value	loss surface	Explain loss surface (machine learning) using an analogy.
A loss surface is a three-dimensional graph that shows the relationship between the input variables and the predicted output values for a machine learning algorithm. The loss surface can be used to identify the best settings for the input variables so that the predicted output values are as close as possible to the actual output values.	loss surface	Explain loss surface (machine learning) using an analogy.
A loss surface is like a topographical map. It tells you how high different points are in relation to each other, and it can help you plan your route so that you don't end up going too high or too low. In the context of machine learning, the loss surface tells you how well your model is doing at predicting the correct values for a given set of data. By tweaking your parameters until the loss surface is as flat as possible, you can improve your model's accuracy.	loss surface	Explain loss surface (machine learning) using an analogy.
The loss surface is like a map that tells a machine learning algorithm where it needs to go in order to minimize the error between the predicted value and the actual value. It helps the algorithm find the correct path to minimizing error, much like a navigation system helps drivers find their way around.	loss surface	Explain loss surface (machine learning) using an analogy.
A loss surface is a three-dimensional graph that shows the relationship between different variables in a machine learning problem. The x and y axes represent the two variables, while the z axis represents the loss or error associated with those values.	loss surface	Explain loss surface (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for LSTM is a group of people who have each memorized different sections of a book. They can then work together to reconstruct the entire book. Each person takes turns reciting their section, and the others listen and remember what they heard. When it's someone else's turn, they add their section to the collective memory, and so on.	lstm	Explain lstm (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for LSTM would be a group of people who have worked together for many years. They know each other's habits and tendencies and can anticipate what the other person is going to do in most situations. This allows them to communicate effectively without needing to say everything out loud. In the same way, LSTMs are able to remember past interactions and predict how the input will change as a result, which helps them produce more accurate results.	lstm	Explain lstm (machine learning) using an analogy.
Lstm is like a staircase. The stairs are made up of individual steps, and each step represents a single piece of information. As you walk up the stairs, you take one step at a time. This is how lstm works - it processes information one step at a time, and it remembers what happened in the past so that it can make better decisions in the future.	lstm	Explain lstm (machine learning) using an analogy.
LSTM is a type of machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the future based on past data. It works by remembering important information over a period of time, and then using that information to make predictions about what might happen in the future. LSTM can be used for things like predicting stock prices or customer behavior.	lstm	Explain lstm (machine learning) using an analogy.
LSTMs are like a group of people who have each been asked to remember a list of items. The people form a chain, where the first person remembers the first item on the list, and then passes it along to the next person, who remembers the second item on the list and passes it along to the next person, and so on. At any point in time, somebody can ask any individual in the chain for any particular item on the list that they've been asked to remember.	lstm	Explain lstm (machine learning) using an analogy.
A class is like a group of people. A majority class is like the biggest group of people.	majority class	Explain majority class (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, a majority class is the most common category or label in a given dataset. For example, if you were classifying images of animals, the majority class would be "cat" since there are more cats than any other animal in the dataset.	majority class	Explain majority class (machine learning) using an analogy.
A majority class is like a school teacher. The teacher always knows the answer to questions and helps students learn. In machine learning, the majority class is a model that is used to predict the correct outcome for a given problem.	majority class	Explain majority class (machine learning) using an analogy.
A majority class is a type of machine learning algorithm that uses a voting system to determine the most likely classification for a new data point. The algorithm assigns a weight to each class, and then compares the new data point against the weights of all of the classes. The class with the highest weight is considered to be the most likely classification for the new data point.	majority class	Explain majority class (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a group of people who have been asked to predict the outcome of something. The majority class is the most popular prediction made by the group.	majority class	Explain majority class (machine learning) using an analogy.
A markov decision process is like a game of chess. You can make different moves, and each move has its own set of possible consequences. Some moves are better than others, but you won’t know for sure which ones are until the game is over. A markov decision process uses this kind of information to decide the best course of action in any given situation.	markov decision process (mdp)	Explain markov decision process (mdp) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The markov decision process is a machine learning algorithm that helps you make better decisions by taking into account information about the past. It works like this: imagine you are trying to decide whether or not to go for a walk today. The weather is really nice, but you don't want to get too sweaty. So you look back at your calendar and see that it rained yesterday. Based on this information, you might decide that it's more likely to rain today, and so it's probably not a good idea to go for a walk. In the same way, the markov decision process can help us make better choices by considering how past events have influenced our current situation. This can be helpful in all sorts of situations, from deciding what food to order at a restaurant to choosing which stocks to invest in.	markov decision process (mdp)	Explain markov decision process (mdp) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A Markov decision process (MDP) is a mathematical framework for modelling decision making in situations where outcomes are partly random. In an MDP, agents choose actions based on the current state of the world and the expected immediate future consequences of those actions, known as the "belief" or "probability" distribution over states.	markov decision process (mdp)	Explain markov decision process (mdp) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The Markov decision process is a mathematical tool used in machine learning. It can be thought of as a recipe for building a computer program that can learn how to make decisions. The basic idea is to break down the task of making a decision into smaller steps, and then use statistics to train the computer program on how best to take those steps.	markov decision process (mdp)	Explain markov decision process (mdp) (machine learning) using an analogy.
In the context of machine learning, a Markov decision process (MDP) is a decision problem where you are trying to find the best course of action for achieving a goal, under uncertainty. The key feature of an MDP is that at each step in the game, your current state determines not only what actions are available to you, but also the probabilities that each of those actions will lead to different future states. So, for example, if you're playing chess and it's your turn, you might be able to move one of your pieces either two squares forward or one square sideways. But if you choose to go two squares forward and then your opponent captures that piece with their next move, then going one square sideways won't do anything - it'll just put you back in the same position as before.	markov decision process (mdp)	Explain markov decision process (mdp) (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are at a party and meet 10 people, it is unlikely that you will meet exactly 2 new people who know each other. However, if you meet 20 people, it is more likely that there will be at least 4 new pairs of people who know each other.This analogy can be used to explain the markov property in machine learning. If a machine learning algorithm only considers a single example from a given category (e.g., 10 pictures of cars), it is not very likely that the picture will match an existing pattern in the training set perfectly. However, if the machine learning algorithm looks at multiple examples from within the same category (e.g., 50 pictures of cars), it is more likely that there will be patterns among them that match up with existing patterns in the training set	markov property	Explain markov property (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm is like a set of instructions for a Markov chain. A Markov chain is a tool used to model randomness in situations where the next event depends only on the current state, not on any events that came before it.	markov property	Explain markov property (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you imagine a room of people, and each person has a ball, the markov property would be that the probability of any given person having their ball is independent of who else has their ball. In other words, if somebody leaves the room, the probability that another person has their ball doesn't change.	markov property	Explain markov property (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a Markov chain, where the input is a series of states (e.g. pixels in an image) and the output is a series of probabilities (e.g. the probability that a pixel is black). The next state in the sequence depends only on the current state, not on any previous states.	markov property	Explain markov property (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm is like a random person walking around in a city. At each step, they are likely to follow the same path as the last step, but there's also some small chance that they'll take a different turn. The markov property says that the probability of taking a certain turn depends only on what happened in the previous step, not on anything that happened earlier in the journey.	markov property	Explain markov property (machine learning) using an analogy.
A masked language model is a bit like learning a foreign language. You might not know all the words, but you can still understand what people are saying by guessing based on the context. A machine learning algorithm can do something similar with text data. It can learn to understand certain words and phrases even if they are hidden behind masks (spaces, symbols, etc).	masked language model	Explain masked language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A masked language model is a machine learning algorithm that takes into account the context of words when determining their meaning. This is similar to how humans use contextual clues to understand what someone is saying. For example, if you say "I need you to do me a favor" the word "favor" has a different meaning than if you say " I need you to do me an injury."	masked language model	Explain masked language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A masked language model is like a person who can read and write in two different languages. The person can understand what other people are saying to them in either language, but they can only respond in one of the languages.	masked language model	Explain masked language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
It is like a person speaking in a foreign language that you do not understand. You can still see their mouth moving, and sometimes you can even hear isolated words or phrases that make sense, but most of what they are saying is incomprehensible. A masked language model is a machine learning algorithm that tries to decipher the speech (or text) even when it is heavily obfuscated by noise or other interference.	masked language model	Explain masked language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A masked language model is like a person wearing a mask. The mask hides the person's identity, but the person can still speak. The mask might also change the way the person speaks, for example by making their voice sound different. A masked language model uses machine learning to make predictions about text data, without revealing any information about the identities of the people who wrote it.	masked language model	Explain masked language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Matplotlib is a library that helps machine learning algorithms to understand data by plotting graphs. It can be used to create line graphs, histograms and other types of plots. This makes it easier for the algorithm to identify patterns and trends in the data.	matplotlib	Explain matplotlib (machine learning) using an analogy.
Matplotlib is a machine learning library that helps you visualize your data. It's like a map that shows you where everything is located.	matplotlib	Explain matplotlib (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like making a cake. You need some ingredients (data) and a recipe (algorithm), and then you can bake the cake. The machine learning algorithm is like the recipe, and the data is like the ingredients.	matplotlib	Explain matplotlib (machine learning) using an analogy.
Matplotlib is a machine learning library that allows you to create charts and graphs. It is similar to Microsoft Excel, but instead of creating static charts, it creates dynamic ones that can be updated as your data changes. This makes it an ideal tool for visualizing your machine learning data and results.	matplotlib	Explain matplotlib (machine learning) using an analogy.
Matplotlib is a machine learning library that allows you to create graphs and charts from your data. It works similarly to Microsoft Excel, except that it is specifically designed for creating machine learning graphs and charts.	matplotlib	Explain matplotlib (machine learning) using an analogy.
Matrix factorization is a machine learning technique used to decompose a matrix into its constituent factors. This can be thought of as an analogy to breaking down a large number into its prime factors. Just as the prime factors of a number can be used to reconstruct the original number, the factors derived from a matrix can be used to rebuild the original matrix.	matrix factorization	Explain matrix factorization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Matrix factorization is a technique used in machine learning to learn the latent factors that explain the variation in a large set of data. The technique can be thought of as analogous to Factor Analysis, which is a popular method for reducing the dimensions of data sets and identifying underlying structures. In both cases, the goal is to identify a smaller number of latent variables (factors/dimensions) that account for most of the variation in the data.	matrix factorization	Explain matrix factorization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Matrix factorization is a process where the individual elements of a matrix are reduced to a smaller number of factors. These factors are typically lower dimensional than the original matrix and can be used to reconstruct the original matrix. Matrix factorization is often used in machine learning applications, where it can be used to reduce the dimensionality of data sets so they can be more easily processed by algorithms.	matrix factorization	Explain matrix factorization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Matrix factorization is often used in machine learning to learn the latent factors that influence a set of observed variables. In analogy, imagine you have a bunch of data points (the observed variables) and you want to find out what type of underlying patterns are causing them. Matrix factorization can help uncover these hidden patterns by "decomposing" the original matrix (containing all the data points) into two smaller matrices: one containing the coefficients for each pattern, and another containing the associated scores for each pattern.	matrix factorization	Explain matrix factorization (machine learning) using an analogy.
 Matrix factorization (machine learning) is similar to the process of factoring a large number into smaller primes. Just as prime factors can be multiplied together to recreate the original number, matrix factors can be multiplied together to recreate the original data matrix.	matrix factorization	Explain matrix factorization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Meta-learning is like a teacher that helps students learn how to learn. The teacher provides instruction on how to learn, and then the students use this information to improve their learning process.	meta-learning	Explain meta-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Meta-learning is like learning how to learn. It’s a way of teaching machines how to get better at learning by themselves, through trial and error. This is done by feeding the machine a lot of different data sets so it can start recognizing patterns on its own.	meta-learning	Explain meta-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Meta-learning is like how humans learn. We learn new things by building on top of what we know. We see something, think about it, and try to use what we know to understand it better.	meta-learning	Explain meta-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Meta-learning, or machine learning, is like teaching a child how to learn. You teach them the basics and then let them figure out the rest on their own. They will make mistakes along the way, but with time and practice they will get better and better at learning new things.	meta-learning	Explain meta-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Meta-learning is similar to how humans learn. A baby learns from experience and gradually becomes better at skills such as walking and talking. Meta-learning in machines works in a similar way, by learning from past experiences and improving their performance over time.	meta-learning	Explain meta-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
The Metrics API provides a way to calculate and store arbitrary metrics for your TensorFlow graphs. Think of it as a 'black box' that you can put data into, run some operations on, and then get the results out.	metrics api (tf.metrics)	Explain metrics api (tf.metrics) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The tf.metrics API is similar to the dashboard of a car. It allows you to monitor important metrics such as speed, mileage, and fuel level while driving. Similarly, the tf.metrics API allows you to monitor important metrics such as loss, accuracy, and validation error while training your model.	metrics api (tf.metrics)	Explain metrics api (tf.metrics) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The metrics api is a bit like a speedometer in your car. It tells you how fast you are going and can help you adjust your driving to go faster or slower. In the same way, the metrics api can help you adjust your machine learning algorithms to go faster or slower, by giving you feedback on how well they are performing.	metrics api (tf.metrics)	Explain metrics api (tf.metrics) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The metric APIs in TensorFlow allow you to track the accuracy of your machine learning models as they are being trained. This allows you to see how well your model is performing and make adjustments if necessary.To use the metric APIs, you first need to create a Metrics object. This object contains a list of all the metrics that you want to track. You can then use this object to record the values of those metrics as your model trains.	metrics api (tf.metrics)	Explain metrics api (tf.metrics) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The metrics API is a bit like your dashboard while driving. It gives you feedback on how well you are doing, such as the speed of the car and how much gas is left in the tank. In machine learning, the metrics API tells you how well your model is performing, such as how accurately it is predicting values.	metrics api (tf.metrics)	Explain metrics api (tf.metrics) (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you want to make a cake, but only have enough ingredients for 6 small cakes, you would make those cakes by combining all the ingredients together and dividing them among the pans. This is like mini-batch learning: it's a way of making machine learning models using smaller batches of data (instead of all the data at once), which can be more efficient and accurate.	mini-batch	Explain mini-batch (machine learning) using an analogy.
Mini-batch machine learning is a bit like getting fit at the gym. You go to the gym and workout with a small number of other people, rather than all at once. This way you can give each person individual attention and help them maximize their workout. With mini-batch machine learning, we also work with a small number of data points (training examples) at a time, to make sure we are able to give each one individual attention and learn from it effectively.	mini-batch	Explain mini-batch (machine learning) using an analogy.
Mini-batch is like having a small group of friends over for dinner instead of inviting the entire neighborhood. With mini-batch, you can still get the benefits of neighborly conversation (in this case, machine learning), but you don't have to deal with as many people.	mini-batch	Explain mini-batch (machine learning) using an analogy.
It is like making a cake with multiple batches. You mix the ingredients together and put some in the pan, cook it, then take it out and put more in.	mini-batch	Explain mini-batch (machine learning) using an analogy.
A mini-batch is like a small group of students who are all learning together. The teacher gives them all the same lesson, but each student learns at their own pace. The students take turns answering questions so that everyone can learn.	mini-batch	Explain mini-batch (machine learning) using an analogy.
A mini-batch is a small group of items, in this analogy it would be like 10 students. The purpose of the mini-batch is to make decisions about what the whole group knows as a collective. In machine learning, this concept is used with algorithms that involve iterative feedback loops such as gradient descent. During each iteration, a small number of training examples (the mini-batch) are processed at once rather than handling one example after another. This allows for more efficient operation and can help speed up convergence when there are many parameters to optimize.	mini-batch stochastic gradient descent	Explain mini-batch stochastic gradient descent (machine learning) using an analogy.
Stochastic gradient descent is like when you are hiking in the mountains and you come to a fork in the path. You have two choices, but you only want to take one step at a time. You can either go left or right. If you go left and it's not the right way, then you can always turn around and go back to the fork and try going right. This is analogous to doing one mini-batch of stochastic gradient descent. You make a choice (left or right), take a step, see how far off course you are, and then decide whether to keep going or turn around.	mini-batch stochastic gradient descent	Explain mini-batch stochastic gradient descent (machine learning) using an analogy.
Mini-batch stochastic gradient descent is like taking many little dips in a swimming pool instead of one big one. This makes the process slower but more accurate, as it reduces the chance of making a mistake by averaging out your guesses.	mini-batch stochastic gradient descent	Explain mini-batch stochastic gradient descent (machine learning) using an analogy.
Mini-batch stochastic gradient descent is like making a soup. You start with some ingredients (the data set), and you chop them up into small pieces (the mini-batches). You then put the chopped ingredients into a pot of boiling water, and stir them around until they're cooked (the gradients are computed). Once the soup is cooked, you can eat it (the model is trained).	mini-batch stochastic gradient descent	Explain mini-batch stochastic gradient descent (machine learning) using an analogy.
Mini-batch stochastic gradient descent is a machine learning algorithm that works by taking small batches of data points and running gradient descent on them. This helps to improve the speed and accuracy of the learning process, since it averages out the errors made by individual data points.	mini-batch stochastic gradient descent	Explain mini-batch stochastic gradient descent (machine learning) using an analogy.
A minimax loss is the equivalent of minimizing the potential damage to your army while attacking your opponent's army. In other words, it's a way of minimizing your risk while maximizing your gains.	minimax loss	Explain minimax loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
The minimax loss is the smallest amount of loss that can happen to a machine learning algorithm. It's like having a buffer or safety net for your algorithm, so that it can always perform as best as possible, no matter what situation it's put in.	minimax loss	Explain minimax loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
The minimax loss is like a referee in a game of football. The referee wants to make sure that both teams have an equal chance to win, so they try and keep the playing field as level as possible. In machine learning, the minimax loss tries to make sure that both algorithms (or teams) have an equal chance of winning by minimizing the difference between their scores.	minimax loss	Explain minimax loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Minimax loss is like a game of chess. The goal is to minimize your losses while maximizing the losses of your opponent.	minimax loss	Explain minimax loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Minimum-maximization is a decision theory technique used in machine learning and statistics that finds the best choice of action greedily while minimizing the maximum possible loss. The analogy would be as if you were playing chess, and your goal was to minimize the potential damage done by your opponent, while also trying to inflict as much damage on them as possible.	minimax loss	Explain minimax loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Minority class is like a small fishing village that the government has decided to help with development money. The government wants to make sure that this village benefits from the money so they send in a team of experts who will decide how to best spend the money. The villagers are happy to have this help, but they are worried that the experts might not understand their needs and customs as well as they do.	minority class	Explain minority class (machine learning) using an analogy.
A minority class is a group of items in a data set that are not as common as the other items. In machine learning, a minority class is often used to train algorithms to better recognize patterns in data. This is done by providing more examples of the minority class so that the algorithm can learn how to identify it more accurately.	minority class	Explain minority class (machine learning) using an analogy.
A minority class is a group of objects that are not the most common type within a data set. In machine learning, this term is used to describe a category of data that is not as commonly found as other groups. For example, if you were categorizing animals into different groups, lions would be the majority class because they are the most common type of animal in your data set. Tigers would be a minority class because they are less common than lions.	minority class	Explain minority class (machine learning) using an analogy.
A minority class is a group of items in a data set that are outnumbered by other items. In machine learning, this might occur when there are more examples of one type of item than any other type. This can cause problems for algorithms that rely on majority voting, as the minority class may be ignored or disadvantaged.	minority class	Explain minority class (machine learning) using an analogy.
A minority class is a group of data points in a machine learning dataset that are outnumbered by the majority class. This term is used to describe the situation where there is one or more classes that have fewer instances than all other classes combined. In some cases, the minority class may be ignored altogether during training and/or prediction.	minority class	Explain minority class (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like giving your computer the ability to learn how to do things on its own, without being explicitly programmed. You can think of it as a “training” process where you show the computer examples of what you want it to learn, and then let it figure out how to apply those same concepts on its own in new situations.	ml	Explain ml (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you learn to drive a car, you need some basic instruction (theory) and practice (application). Machine learning is similar. You need to understand the principles behind it, and then apply those principles to data in order to make predictions or decisions.	ml	Explain ml (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of machine learning is as a computer’s ability to learn on its own by analyzing data, similar to the way humans learn. For example, when you are a child and first start learning how to speak your native language, you listen to people speaking it around you and gradually begin to understand the rules that govern how it works. You then use these rules to form your own sentences. A computer can do something similar with machine learning algorithms. It “learns” from data examples by identifying patterns and using them to make decisions or predictions about new data items.	ml	Explain ml (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is a bit like humans going to school. A person learns from experience and by being taught by others. With machine learning, a computer system also learns from experience, but it can also learn on its own by adjusting its algorithms based on the data it’s given.	ml	Explain ml (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a computer program that can learn how to do things on its own by looking at data. It’s sort of like teaching a child; you show them examples and they learn from them. With machine learning, computers can learn how to do things like identify objects in photos or recommend products based on past customer behavior.	ml	Explain ml (machine learning) using an analogy.
Mnist is a machine learning algorithm that can be used to predict whether or not an image is of a handwritten digit. It works by taking in a set of images, called training data, and then using it to create a model that can accurately predict the digit represented by any new image.	mnist	Explain mnist (machine learning) using an analogy.
If we think of the MNIST dataset as a group of students, and our task is to learn which students are in which grade, we could use machine learning algorithms to help us. We would start by training our algorithm on a set of data that includes information about what grade each student is in. Once our algorithm has been trained, we can then use it to predict the grade for new students who we haven’t seen before.	mnist	Explain mnist (machine learning) using an analogy.
An example of a problem that can be solved using machine learning is the MNIST digit recognition problem. In this problem, we are given a set of images, each containing a handwritten digit from 0 to 9. We want to be able to train a computer program so that it can correctly identify the digits in these images.	mnist	Explain mnist (machine learning) using an analogy.
Mnist is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict patterns in data. It can be thought of as an artificial intelligence that is able to learn and remember information.	mnist	Explain mnist (machine learning) using an analogy.
Suppose you are given a stack of flashcards with images of different animals on them. One card has a picture of a dog, another has a picture of a cat, and so on. Now suppose you are also given the task of learning to identify these animals from their pictures. This is very similar to the task faced by a machine learning algorithm when it is “trained” on data labeled with classifications (e.g., “dog,” “cat,” etc.). The goal is for the machine learning algorithm to learn how to correctly identify animals in new pictures, based on what it has been shown before.	mnist	Explain mnist (machine learning) using an analogy.
Modality is like a teacher. The teacher explains the material to the student, and the student tries to learn it.	modality	Explain modality (machine learning) using an analogy.
Just like a human can learn to recognize different objects in the world, a machine learning algorithm can be taught to recognize patterns in data and make predictions. The difference is that while humans need weeks or months of exposure to new information in order to learn, machines can do this process much more quickly by using large amounts of data (training) and sophisticated algorithms.	modality	Explain modality (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of learning as akin to a journey, then modality would be the style of transportation you choose. In other words, modality is all about how you learn best. Some people prefer hands-on methods, others might enjoy reading or listening to explanations. There's no wrong way to learn – it just depends on what works best for each individual.	modality	Explain modality (machine learning) using an analogy.
Modality is similar to how a human brain operates. The brain receives input from the environment, and then processes that information in order to make decisions or take actions. Modality works in a similar way, by taking in data (training examples), processing it through a series of mathematical models, and then outputting predictions (decisions).	modality	Explain modality (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of modality is as a way of learning from experience. Just like we learn new things by trying them out and seeing how they work, machines can do the same thing by exploring data. They might try different ways of looking at data or grouping it together until they find a pattern that makes sense. This approach is called “modeling”, and it’s one of the main ways machine learning algorithms work.	modality	Explain modality (machine learning) using an analogy.
A model capacity is the number of items that a machine learning algorithm can remember while still being able to learn and generalize from new data. It's like a human brain's working memory, which is the amount of information that people can hold in their minds at any given time. The more complex the problem or dataset, the smaller the model capacity will be.	model capacity	Explain model capacity (machine learning) using an analogy.
A model capacity can be thought of as the maximum number of items that a machine learning algorithm can learn at one time. Imagine you are filling up a bucket with water from a hose. You can fill the bucket up faster if you have a wider hose because more water will flow through it at once. The same is true for machine learning algorithms- they can learn more items at once if their "hose" is wider.	model capacity	Explain model capacity (machine learning) using an analogy.
A model capacity is like a bucket. The more data you put into the bucket, the fuller it becomes, and eventually it will overflow. You can continue to add data to the bucket as long as there is space, but at some point adding new data will no longer have an impact. This is analogous to how a machine learning model works: The more data you give it, the better it gets at predicting outcomes, but eventually it reaches its limit and adding more data won't improve its predictions.	model capacity	Explain model capacity (machine learning) using an analogy.
A model capacity is the number of items that a machine learning algorithm can remember and use to make predictions. It's like having a lot of shelves in your brain where you can store different pieces of information. The more shelves you have, the more information you can remember.	model capacity	Explain model capacity (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy would be with a container. The number of gallons or liters the container can hold is its capacity. In the same way, the model capacity refers to how much data the machine learning algorithm can process in order to learn and improve its predictions.	model capacity	Explain model capacity (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about model parallelism is as a special type of multi-threading. In traditional multi-threading, each thread operates on a different piece of data. With model parallelism, multiple threads are used to train different models that can then be combined together to form a more powerful ensemble model.	model parallelism	Explain model parallelism (machine learning) using an analogy.
A computer is like a machine that can be turned into different shapes by using different sets of instructions, or "programs." A model parallelism algorithm allows many different programs to be run at the same time on a computer. This makes the computer faster and more powerful, because it can process more information at once.	model parallelism	Explain model parallelism (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning models can be parallelized in a similar way to how computer processors can be split up and work on different tasks simultaneously. This is often done by splitting the data set into smaller chunks that can be processed independently. The individual models can then be combined (or "ensembled") to produce a final prediction.	model parallelism	Explain model parallelism (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of model parallelism is as if you have a group of people who are all working on the same project. You can imagine that each person is working on their own part of the project, and then when they're finished, they pass their work along to the next person. This is kind of like how machine learning works - different machines can all be working on their own parts of the problem at the same time, and then when they're done, they can all share what they've learned with each other.	model parallelism	Explain model parallelism (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning can be thought of as a process where a computer is taught how to learn for itself. The computer is given data, which it "studies" in order to understand the patterns within it. Once the computer understands the patterns, it can use this information to make predictions about new data sets.	model parallelism	Explain model parallelism (machine learning) using an analogy.
Model training is a bit like teaching a child how to ride a bike. The first step is to give the child a bike and help them learn how to balance on it. Once they can stay upright, you start slowly adding distance and speed until they can ride the bike by themselves. In the same way, model training starts with giving the computer some data (the bike) and helping it learn how to balance itself (by learning how to identify patterns). Once it can do that, you start slowly adding more data so that it can generalize from what it has learned and make predictions about new data sets.	model training	Explain model training (machine learning) using an analogy.
In terms of learning a new skill, think of model training as going to a personal trainer. The machine learning algorithm is like you and the personal trainer is your algorithm’s guide. Together, you work on refining your technique until the desired outcome is achieved.	model training	Explain model training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you want to learn how to play chess. You could find someone who knows how to play and have them teach you, or you could watch videos on YouTube of people playing chess. After watching a lot of these videos, you would start to get an idea of the different moves that are possible and the strategies involved in the game. Similarly, when computers are learning how to do something using machine learning, they are given examples (training datasets) of what is desired and then they use algorithms to understand the patterns within these datasets. They then modify their behavior accordingly in order for them to better achieve the goal (in this case, playing chess).	model training	Explain model training (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you're learning to drive a car, you go through a lot of practice. You start by practicing in a parking lot, then move on to driving in more complicated situations like city streets and highways. The car is the model, your driving skills are the training data, and the goal is to learn how to control the car so that you can eventually drive it anywhere.	model training	Explain model training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you’re a new employee at a company. On your first day, the boss hands you a big box of tools and says “here, these are the tools you’ll need to do your job.” The next day, she gives you another box of tools and says “these are the additional tools you’ll need to do your job.” She keeps giving you new boxes of tools every day for a week until finally she says “okay, now that you have all of the necessary tools, it’s time for you to start using them. Here are some instructions on how to use each tool. I expect that by the end of the week, you will be able to use all of these tools correctly.”This is basically what happens during machine learning or model training. The computer is given a set of data (the tools) and instructed on how to use it (the instructions). Over time, it learns from experience so that eventually it can use all the data correctly (just like how you would learn how to use each tool after getting more instruction).	model training	Explain model training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Momentum is like the speed of a car at a certain point in time. It's the product of how fast the car is going and how much mass it has. So, if you have a heavy truck that's going slowly, it has more momentum than a small sports car that's moving quickly.	momentum	Explain momentum (machine learning) using an analogy.
Momentum is like a snowball rolling down a hill. It starts off slowly, but as it picks up speed, it gets harder and harder to stop. This is similar to how machine learning algorithms work. They start with a small number of training examples, but as they learn more about the data, they get better at predicting outcomes.	momentum	Explain momentum (machine learning) using an analogy.
Momentum is the tendency of an object in motion to stay in motion and the tendency of an object at rest to stay at rest. In machine learning, this analogy can be used to describe how a model 'learns' or becomes better at predicting outcomes over time. Just as inertia keeps objects moving once they get going, the more data that is fed into a machine learning algorithm, the more it will be able to learn and improve its predictions. Similarly, just as it takes energy to get an object moving, it also takes effort (e.g., parameter tuning) to get a machine learning algorithm up-and-running and making accurate predictions.	momentum	Explain momentum (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are in a car that is moving forward. If you want the car to continue moving forward, you need to keep pushing on the gas pedal. The more force you apply, the faster the car will go. In machine learning, momentum is like this gas pedal. It refers to the amount of power that is applied to an algorithm in order to make it learn at a faster rate.	momentum	Explain momentum (machine learning) using an analogy.
In physics, momentum is the product of mass and velocity. In machine learning, it can be thought of as the "weight" of a decision or prediction. The more momentum a decision has (the heavier it is), the more likely it is to be correct. Conversely, decisions with little momentum are less likely to be accurate.	momentum	Explain momentum (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-class classification is like a school where there are many different classes, and each student is in one of the classes. The teacher wants to know which class each student is in, so they can teach them the material for that class.	multi-class classification	Explain multi-class classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-class classification is similar to sorting different types of objects into separate piles. For example, you can sort apples, oranges, and bananas into three different piles. Each object is assigned to a specific pile based on its characteristics (e.g., color, shape, size). In the same way, multi-class classification assigns data points to one of several predefined classes.	multi-class classification	Explain multi-class classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-class classification is a bit like sorting laundry. You might have different piles for whites, colors, and darks. But sometimes you might also have a pile for things that are too dirty to go in any of the other piles (e.g., socks with grass stains). So multi-class classification is like having multiple piles, where each item can go into one or more of the piles.	multi-class classification	Explain multi-class classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-class classification is a bit like sorting your laundry. You might have clothes that need to be washed, dried and then folded. Other clothes may just need to be dried or only need to be folded. Multi-class classification is able to sort data into different classes, depending on the type of data it is.	multi-class classification	Explain multi-class classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Classifying things into different categories is like sorting laundry. You might have a pile of clothes for lights, a pile of clothes for darks, and a pile of clothes that are ready to be folded. The machine learning algorithm is like your brain - it takes in data (the clothing), recognizes patterns, and makes decisions about what category something belongs in (dark or light colored clothes).	multi-class classification	Explain multi-class classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning algorithms can be used to predict the outcome of an event, such as whether or not a customer will buy something. In logistic regression, we use a machine learning algorithm to predict whether an event is more likely to happen (e.g., a customer buying something) or less likely to happen (e.g., a customer not buying something). We do this by training the machine learning algorithm using data that has been labeled with the outcomes we are interested in predicting.	multi-class logistic regression	Explain multi-class logistic regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-class logistic regression can be thought of as a “decision tree” where the final decision is made based on a series of tests. The first test might be to determine whether or not an attribute (X) is above or below some threshold value (T). If it is, then a second decision would need to be made to classify the data into one of two categories. If it’s not above the threshold, then another test might need to be performed using a different attribute for classification. This process continues until all the data has been classified into one of several groups.	multi-class logistic regression	Explain multi-class logistic regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Just as people can be classified by their sex (male or female), age, and height, animals can also be classified by their type. For example, a cat is a different animal than a dog. A logistic regression model can be used to identify which animal class a particular observation belongs to.	multi-class logistic regression	Explain multi-class logistic regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-class logistic regression is like trying to solve a jigsaw puzzle where there are many different types of pieces. The machine learning algorithm tries to find the best fit for all of the data, and then it predicts which type of piece goes in each spot on the board.	multi-class logistic regression	Explain multi-class logistic regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-class logistic regression can be thought of as a way to predict which class a particular observation belongs to, similar to how ordinary logistic regression can be used to predict whether or not an observation belongs to a particular category. In both cases, the goal is to use past data (in this case, training data) to learn how best to distinguish between different classes or categories.	multi-class logistic regression	Explain multi-class logistic regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-head self-attention is a machine learning technique that is used to improve the accuracy of predictions made by a neural network. It works by allowing the network to train on multiple versions of the same data, each with a different level of noise added. This helps the network learn how to better filter out noise and make more accurate predictions.	multi-head self-attention	Explain multi-head self-attention (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-head self-attention is like a person having multiple conversations with different people at the same time. The person can focus on what each individual is saying and also how they are all related to one another.	multi-head self-attention	Explain multi-head self-attention (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-head self-attention (machine learning) is similar to how the human brain processes information. The human brain has multiple pathways that allow it to process different types of information simultaneously. This allows the brain to quickly and efficiently respond to a variety of stimuli. Multi-head self-attention (machine learning) works in a similar way, by allowing a machine learning algorithm to simultaneously process data from different sources. This allows the machine learning algorithm to learn more effectively and quickly than if it only processed data from one source.	multi-head self-attention	Explain multi-head self-attention (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-head self-attention is like a human reading several books at the same time. The reader’s brain is able to focus on one book while still keeping track of what is happening in the other books. Multi-head self-attention allows a machine learning model to focus on one part of a sentence while still understanding the rest of the sentence.	multi-head self-attention	Explain multi-head self-attention (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multi-head self-attention is a machine learning algorithm that allows a computer program to "read" multiple documents at the same time in order to identify similarities and differences between them. This is similar to how humans can read several books at the same time and still understand what each one is about.	multi-head self-attention	Explain multi-head self-attention (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multimodal machine learning is a bit like being able to speak multiple languages. Just as someone who can converse in Spanish and English can communicate with more people, a multimodal machine learning algorithm can use data from different sources (images, text, sound) to learn how to recognize patterns and make predictions. This allows it to better understand the complexities of the world around it and makes its predictions more accurate.	multimodal model	Explain multimodal model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multimodal learning is a bit like teaching someone how to drive a car. You might start by explaining the basic concepts, such as how to accelerate and steer. Once they have a basic understanding of these skills, you can then give them some practice by having them drive in a safe area. As they improve, you can gradually introduce more challenging scenarios, such as congested city streets or winding country roads. The multimodal approach allows students to learn at their own pace while still being challenged.	multimodal model	Explain multimodal model (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of multimodal learning is as a combination of different models that each specialize in different tasks. Like how you might use a hammer, screwdriver, and drill for various tasks around the house, multimodal learning uses different models that work together to accomplish the overall task. In particular, it uses multiple representations (or modes) of data along with complementary algorithms so that the whole system can learn more effectively than any individual model could on its own.	multimodal model	Explain multimodal model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A multimodal model is like a map. Maps can show different types of information, such as roads, water features, and points of interest. A multimodal machine learning model can use multiple data sources to learn about a problem domain and then make predictions or recommendations.	multimodal model	Explain multimodal model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multimodal learning is similar to human learning in that it utilizes multiple modes or pathways of information processing. For example, when a person learns a new skill, such as riding a bike, they might use verbal instruction from a friend, visual observation of someone else riding a bike, and hands-on practice to learn the skill. Multimodal machine learning similarly uses multiple modes of input (e.g., text data, image data) to learn how to perform some task.	multimodal model	Explain multimodal model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multinomial classification is a machine learning technique used to predict the category of an item, given a set of training data. It can be thought of as a way to group things into categories. For example, you might use multinomial classification to figure out which type of animal someone is most likely to have based on their physical characteristics (e.g., fur, feathers, scales).	multinomial classification	Explain multinomial classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multinomial classification is a machine learning technique used to predict the category of an object, given some training data. The technique works by creating a model that assigns objects to one of several predefined categories, based on numeric features associated with those objects. For example, we might use multinomial classification to predict whether a customer will buy something from us again in the future, based on their purchase history.	multinomial classification	Explain multinomial classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multinomial classification is a machine learning technique used to predict the probability of an event occurring, based on observed data. The technique can be likened to predicting which team will win a soccer match, based on past game outcomes. In this analogy, each team is represented by a multinomial category (e.g., "winning team", "losing team"), and the goal is to determine the most likely outcome for any given matchup.	multinomial classification	Explain multinomial classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multinomial classification is like sorting a deck of cards. The first step is to divide the deck into two piles, red and black. The second step is to sort each pile by suit. The third step is to sort each pile by rank.	multinomial classification	Explain multinomial classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multinomial classification is a machine learning technique that allows you to predict the category of an object based on its features. For example, you might use multinomial classification to predict whether an animal is a dog or a cat. You could do this by training your computer to recognize certain features of dogs and cats (e.g., fur color, shape of ears, size) and then predicting the category of an animal based on these features.	multinomial classification	Explain multinomial classification (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multinomial regression is like a supercomputer that can read your mind. It knows what you are thinking and can predict what you will do next.	multinomial regression	Explain multinomial regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multinomial regression is like a group of people trying to predict who will win the next presidential election. To do this, they might ask a bunch of people who they think will win and then use that data to make predictions. Multinomial regression works in a similar way- it uses data from past experiments to predict the outcome of future experiments.	multinomial regression	Explain multinomial regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Assume you are a contestant on a game show and are offered the choice of three different doors. Behind one door is a car, while behind the other two doors are goats. You choose a door, and the host reveals that there is a goat behind it. You are then offered to switch your choice to the other unopened door, or keep your original selection. What should you do?If you switch, you have a 2/3 chance of winning the car (2 out of 3 chances), since there is still one remaining unopened door. If you don't switch, you have only a 1/3 chance of winning the car (1 out of 3 chances).	multinomial regression	Explain multinomial regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multinomial regression is a machine learning technique used to predict categorical outcomes. It can be thought of as a cousin of logistic regression, which is used to predict binary outcomes. Multinomial regression is more straightforward than fitting a separate model for each possible outcome (as with discriminant analysis), and it handles more complex data structures than naive Bayes classifiers. Like other machine learning techniques, multinomial regression can be tuned using cross-validation or some other form of iterative selection process in order to optimize performance on your particular dataset	multinomial regression	Explain multinomial regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Multinomial regression is a machine learning technique used to predict categorical outcomes. It can be thought of as a way to build a model that predicts which category an observation belongs to, given some observed features. For example, imagine you are trying to predict whether someone is likely to vote for Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump in the upcoming US presidential election. Multinomial regression could be used to build a model that predicts this outcome, based on certain observed characteristics (e.g., age, gender, race).	multinomial regression	Explain multinomial regression (machine learning) using an analogy.
Nan traps are tiny devices that capture and store data. They work like a machine learning algorithm, but on a much smaller scale. Just as an algorithm can learn to recognize patterns in data, nan traps can learn to recognize specific molecules. This makes them ideal for storing information about the structure of proteins or other complex molecules.	nan trap	Explain nan trap (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of a nan trap is as a type of “lighthouse” for small objects. The device uses light to attract and capture tiny particles, like viruses or cells. Just as a lighthouse helps ships avoid crashing into rocks on the shoreline, a nan trap can be used to isolate and study tiny objects in great detail.	nan trap	Explain nan trap (machine learning) using an analogy.
A nan trap can be best understood as a very tiny, powerful magnet. This magnet can be used to grab and hold onto individual particles of matter, such as atoms or molecules. By using a number of different nan traps, scientists can create arrays of these tiny magnets that can capture and store vast numbers of particles.	nan trap	Explain nan trap (machine learning) using an analogy.
Nan traps are a bit like barcodes. They can be used to identify and track items, in this case individual molecules. The key difference is that nan traps work by reading the ‘label’ on a molecule rather than using an optical signal. This makes them much more sensitive and allows them to detect very small amounts of target molecules.	nan trap	Explain nan trap (machine learning) using an analogy.
A nan trap is like a spider web. It's made of thin, delicate material, but it's very strong and can catch things that fly into it. The web catches the flies because it's sticky, and the nan traps catch data because they are sensitive to changes in light or electricity.	nan trap	Explain nan trap (machine learning) using an analogy.
Natural language understanding is similar to teaching a child how to speak. First, you must understand how the child learns, and then apply that knowledge to teach them new words and phrases. The same process applies to machine learning; first you must understand how the machine learns, and then apply that knowledge to teach it new tasks.	natural language understanding	Explain natural language understanding (machine learning) using an analogy.
Learning natural language understanding is a bit like learning how to understand spoken language. You listen to people speaking, and over time you learn which words they are likely to use in different situations. You also learn the rules for how these words can be combined together to form phrases and sentences. This allows you to understand new conversations even if you haven’t heard them before.	natural language understanding	Explain natural language understanding (machine learning) using an analogy.
Natural language understanding is a bit like how we humans understand the natural languages that are spoken to us. Just as we don't have to explicitly think about grammar or vocabulary when we're speaking, a machine learning algorithm can be trained to understand the structure and meaning of text without being explicitly programmed with rules. This is done by feeding large amounts of text data into a neural network, which "learns" how to recognize patterns in the data.	natural language understanding	Explain natural language understanding (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about natural language understanding is as a computer trying to learn how to read. The computer starts by being given a large number of texts, each one annotated with information about which words in the text are associated with which other words (e.g., the word "king" is often followed by the word "man"). It then uses algorithms to analyze these relationships and identify patterns. Finally, it can apply what it has learned to new text, automatically identifying the most likely meanings of unknown words based on their context.	natural language understanding	Explain natural language understanding (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you learn a new language, your brain is actually learning how to translate the sounds of that language into symbols and meanings. Natural language understanding is similar- it involves teaching a machine to interpret human speech and respond in a way that makes sense. This can be done through programs that use machine learning, which basically means that the computer system is able to "learn" on its own by analyzing data sets. It's important to note that natural language understanding is still very much a work in progress- computers are not yet able to understand everything we say!	natural language understanding	Explain natural language understanding (machine learning) using an analogy.
The negative class in machine learning is analogous to the dark side of the Force in Star Wars. It's where all the evil things live - Darth Vader, Stormtroopers, Boba Fett, etc.	negative class	Explain negative class (machine learning) using an analogy.
A negative class in machine learning is analogous to a group of criminals in the real world. Just as criminals can be used to train law enforcement officers on how to identify and apprehend them, the negative class in machine learning can be used to train algorithms on how to detect and prevent undesirable outcomes.	negative class	Explain negative class (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you go to the grocery store, you have a list of items that you need to buy. You probably also have a budget in mind for how much you want to spend on groceries this week. If you see something on sale that's not on your list, but it's something you know you will use, then maybe you'll add it to your cart. This is an example of positive class (machine learning).On the other hand, if there are things on sale that aren't things you normally buy or need, then maybe you'll skip them. This is an example of negative class (machine learning).	negative class	Explain negative class (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for the negative class in machine learning is that it is like a disease. The goal of including the negative class in a machine learning algorithm is to help prevent or better treat diseases.	negative class	Explain negative class (machine learning) using an analogy.
A negative class in machine learning is analogous to the bad guys or enemies in a video game. The goal of the game is to defeat them, much like the goal of machine learning is to correctly identify them.	negative class	Explain negative class (machine learning) using an analogy.
People are often very good at recognizing faces. This is because our brains have been trained to do so through years of experience. A neural network is a bit like this too. It has been “trained” on lots of data, and it can recognize patterns that we might not be able to see.	neural network	Explain neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
Neural networks are a bit like the human brain. They can "learn" to do things by trying lots of different solutions and seeing how well they work. For example, if you wanted to teach a neural network how to recognize pictures of cats, you would show it lots of pictures of cats and tell it which ones were cats. As it looks at more and more pictures, the neural network will gradually learn how to recognize cats on its own.	neural network	Explain neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A neural network is a bit like the human brain. It has many interconnected processing nodes (like neurons) that can learn how to do things like recognize patterns and make decisions.	neural network	Explain neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for a neural network is a human brain. The human brain has many interconnected neurons that process information. A neural network also has many interconnected processing nodes, which can be thought of as artificial neurons. Just as the human brain processes information by combining individual signals from its neurons, a neural network combines input data to generate an output.	neural network	Explain neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A neural network is a bit like the human brain. It can learn how to do things by itself, and it gets better at doing them over time.	neural network	Explain neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A neuron is a machine learning algorithm that can be used to learn how to recognize patterns. It can be thought of as a black box that takes in an input and outputs a prediction. The input can be any type of data, such as images, text, or audio. The output will be a number between 0 and 1, representing the probability that the input belongs to the category that was specified by the user.	neuron	Explain neuron (machine learning) using an analogy.
A neuron is like a tiny computer. It can store information, and it can learn to do things based on the information it stores.	neuron	Explain neuron (machine learning) using an analogy.
Neurons are like machines that learn how to do things. They start off by not knowing anything, but they can be taught to do things by being shown examples of what you want them to do. Once they have been taught, they can remember what they have learned and perform the task correctly even if you show them a new example.	neuron	Explain neuron (machine learning) using an analogy.
Neurons are similar to machines learning how to do a task. They start by being given a set of instructions, and then they practice doing the task over and over again. As they practice, they learn how to do the task better and better.	neuron	Explain neuron (machine learning) using an analogy.
A neuron is a machine learning algorithm that can learn to recognize patterns of input data. Like a human neuron, it can store information about past events and use this information to make predictions about future events.	neuron	Explain neuron (machine learning) using an analogy.
N-grams are a way of representing sequences of data. They can be used to predict the next item in a sequence, based on past items. N-grams can be thought of as "word chunks". For example, the n-gram "the cat sat" would represent the following sequence of words: "The", "cat", "sat".	n-gram	Explain n-gram (machine learning) using an analogy.
N-grams are similar to words in a sentence. Just as a word can be broken down into smaller parts (letters), an n-gram can be broken down into smaller parts (numbers). N-grams can be used to understand the structure of text data.	n-gram	Explain n-gram (machine learning) using an analogy.
N-grams are a bit like words. Just as a word is made up of smaller letters, an n-gram is made up of smaller pieces of text. N-grams can be used to measure how often certain words (or letters) appear in a text.	n-gram	Explain n-gram (machine learning) using an analogy.
N-gram is a type of machine learning algorithm that uses sequences of n items from a given data set to predict the next item in the sequence. It can be used to predict words in a sentence, or letters in a word. N-grams are similar to predictive text features found on many phones and tablets.	n-gram	Explain n-gram (machine learning) using an analogy.
N-gram is like a word. It is a unit of language that has been extracted from text data. N-gram consists of n consecutive words in the text.	n-gram	Explain n-gram (machine learning) using an analogy.
Nlu is a bit like being able to read people's minds – you can understand what they are saying without them having to spell it out for you. With nlu, computers can figure out the intent of text and even entire conversations by analyzing patterns in data.	nlu	Explain nlu (machine learning) using an analogy.
Nlu is similar to how humans learn. When a human baby is born, it does not know how to speak any language. However, over time the baby learns by listening to others and practicing. Nlu works in a similar way. It "learns" by taking into account data examples and then trying to predict the correct answer for new data entries.	nlu	Explain nlu (machine learning) using an analogy.
Nlu is a bit like teaching a computer how to read. You show it lots of text examples and tell it which words are associated with which other words. Then, when it sees new text, it can guess which words are most likely to appear together.	nlu	Explain nlu (machine learning) using an analogy.
Nlu is a bit like learning to ride a bike. You keep trying until you get it right. With enough practice, you can eventually do it without thinking about it.	nlu	Explain nlu (machine learning) using an analogy.
Nlu is machine learning just like a human brain. It can learn from experience and make predictions about future events.	nlu	Explain nlu (machine learning) using an analogy.
Non-response bias is a type of selection bias where people who respond to a survey are not representative of the population. For example, if you only ask people who already own a dog about their opinion on pet food, then you would be underestimating the opinion of the general population since not everyone owns a dog. This is because non-response bias occurs when certain members of the target population do not have an opportunity to participate in a study or survey.	non-response bias	Explain non-response bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
One example of non-response bias is when survey respondents who have strong opinions about an issue are more likely to respond to a survey than those who do not. Non-response bias can also occur in machine learning when algorithms fail to account for data that is not available (e.g., due to noise or incompleteness in the training set). This can result in inaccurate predictions for new data if this data differs from the training set in some way.	non-response bias	Explain non-response bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
A classic example of non-response bias is the fact that people who respond to surveys are usually not representative of the population as a whole. In other words, survey respondents tend to be more educated and affluent than those who do not respond. This phenomenon is often referred to as the “non-response bias”.	non-response bias	Explain non-response bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
In statistics, non-response bias is a form of selection bias that occurs when the characteristics of those who choose to respond to a survey differs from those who do not. In machine learning, this might occur when some data points are more likely to be selected for training or testing a model than others. This could lead to inaccurate predictions if the data used does not accurately represent the population.	non-response bias	Explain non-response bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Non-response bias can be thought of as a computer virus. Just like a computer virus can infect your computer and make it difficult to use, non-response bias can infect your survey data and make it difficult to use. Non-response bias is caused by people who do not respond to surveys. People who do not respond may be different from the people who do respond. This means that the data from the people who responded may not be accurate because it does not include the opinions of all of the people in the population.	non-response bias	Explain non-response bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
An optimizer is like a personal coach. It helps you to identify your goals and provides you with advice on how to achieve them.	optimizer	Explain optimizer (machine learning) using an analogy.
The optimizer is like a personal trainer for your machine learning model. It helps the model learn faster and get better results. The optimizer can adapt to the specific needs of your model, making sure that it gets the most out of its training data.	optimizer	Explain optimizer (machine learning) using an analogy.
An optimizer is like a personal trainer for your computer. It helps your computer make better decisions by providing it with feedback on how well its choices are working. This allows the computer to learn and improve its performance over time.	optimizer	Explain optimizer (machine learning) using an analogy.
An optimizer can be thought of as a fitness coach. The fitness coach helps you to identify areas in your life where you could improve, and provides you with guidance on how to make those improvements.	optimizer	Explain optimizer (machine learning) using an analogy.
Optimizers can be thought of as a fitness function that takes in an array of objects and outputs a single number. This number is meant to represent how fit the objects are according to some metric. The optimizer then tries to change the values of the objects in such a way that the fitness function goes up as much as possible.	optimizer	Explain optimizer (machine learning) using an analogy.
The out-group homogeneity bias is a phenomena that often occurs in machine learning, where the algorithm assumes that members of groups (or "out-groups") are more similar to each other than they actually are. This can lead to inaccurate predictions or classifications, as the algorithm may be more likely to mistake two members of an out-group for each other than two members of an ingroup.	out-group homogeneity bias	Explain out-group homogeneity bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
The out-group homogeneity bias is a cognitive bias that occurs when people are more likely to see members of their own group as being alike than members of other groups. This can be illustrated with the example of a person who belongs to a club, and is therefore part of an in-group. The person is more likely to see the other members of the club as being similar to themselves than they are to see members of another club as being similar.	out-group homogeneity bias	Explain out-group homogeneity bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
The out-group homogeneity bias is a cognitive bias that occurs when individuals underestimate the similarities of members within their own group and overestimate the similarities of members in other groups. This can lead to inaccurate perceptions about others, including how likely they are to behave in a certain way or have specific traits. Out-group homogeneity bias may be partially responsible for prejudice and discrimination against minority groups.	out-group homogeneity bias	Explain out-group homogeneity bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
In the context of machine learning, out-group homogeneity bias is a phenomenon in which people tend to assume that individuals within outgroups (i.e., groups other than one's own) are more similar to each other than they actually are. This bias can lead to inaccurate predictions about outgroup members' behavior or preferences.	out-group homogeneity bias	Explain out-group homogeneity bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you're at a party, and there are two groups of people - one in green t-shirts and the other in red - you'll be more likely to approach someone wearing a green shirt than someone wearing a red shirt. This is because we tend to think that people in our group (in this case, those wearing green shirts) are more similar to us than people from the other group (those wearing red shirts). This is called out-group homogeneity bias.	out-group homogeneity bias	Explain out-group homogeneity bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Parameter updates in machine learning is a bit like making small tweaks to your recipe while you are cooking. You might make tiny changes to the amount of salt you add, or the time you cook something for, in order to get the desired result. With machine learning, we also make small tweaks (parameter updates) to our algorithms in order to improve our model’s accuracy.	parameter update	Explain parameter update (machine learning) using an analogy.
Parameter update is like a scientist in a lab who is constantly adjusting the settings on her experiment to get better results. She's trying to find the perfect combination of variables that will produce the outcome she wants.	parameter update	Explain parameter update (machine learning) using an analogy.
Parameter update is similar to watering a plant. The more you water the plant, the more it will grow. In the same way, by updating your model's parameters frequently, you can make your model better learn from new data and improve its predictions.	parameter update	Explain parameter update (machine learning) using an analogy.
Parameter update is like giving your car a tune-up. You change the oil, air filter, and other parts to make sure everything is running smoothly. In machine learning, you also need to keep your model's parameters up to date by changing them based on new data.	parameter update	Explain parameter update (machine learning) using an analogy.
Parameter update is similar to adding new weights to a scale. The more weight you add, the more accurate the scale becomes at measuring an item’s weight. In machine learning, parameter updates make algorithms more accurate in predicting future events.	parameter update	Explain parameter update (machine learning) using an analogy.
Partial derivative is a measure of how much one variable in a function changes when another variable is changed. In machine learning, it can be used to determine how different inputs (e.g. features) change the output of a model. It can help identify which input features are most important for predicting the target variable.	partial derivative	Explain partial derivative (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are standing on a cliff and looking out at the ocean, you can see how the coastline curves. If you want to know how the coastline changes at a certain point, you would measure how the distance from the point to the coastline changes as you move up or down the cliff. This is called a partial derivative because it measures how one variable (the distance from the point to the coast) changes when another variable (your height on the cliff) is held fixed.In machine learning, we use partial derivatives to measure how one feature of our data (e.g., distance from a point to the coast) changes when another feature (e.g., height on a cliff) is held fixed. We then use this information to train our machine learning models so that they can learn these relationships for themselves.	partial derivative	Explain partial derivative (machine learning) using an analogy.
A partial derivative is the rate of change in one variable relative to another. In machine learning, it can be thought of as the rate of change in a model's prediction error when varying one input parameter while keeping all other input parameters fixed. This allows us to identify which input parameter has the most impact on the model's predictions.	partial derivative	Explain partial derivative (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think about a recipe for a cake, the ingredients and the amounts of each ingredient are important, but so is how you mix them together. The same cake can turn out different depending on how much of each ingredient is used, how long it’s mixed for, and even what order the ingredients are put in.In machine learning, the “recipe” is called a model. The input data (like the ingredients) are important, but so is the way that the data is processed (like how they are mixed together). Just as with cakes, different models can produce different results depending on what data they use and how they process it.	partial derivative	Explain partial derivative (machine learning) using an analogy.
Partial derivative is a way of measuring how one variable changes when another variable changes. It's similar to taking the temperature of different parts of your body to see how you feel overall.	partial derivative	Explain partial derivative (machine learning) using an analogy.
Participation bias is like when you are at a party and there is a lot of food, but you only have one plate. You can only eat so much before you get full. So even though there might be a lot of good food at the party, you're not going to be able to try it all because you don't have enough plates.	participation bias	Explain participation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
One example of a bias that can occur in machine learning is participation bias. Participation bias refers to the fact that some data points (e.g., users) may be more likely to participate in a system than others, and as a result, these data points may be over-represented in the dataset. This can create an unrepresentative sample of data, which can lead to inaccurate predictions or models.	participation bias	Explain participation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
A good way to think of participation bias is through the lens of a classroom. In any given class, there are always students who participate more than others. These students might raise their hands to answer questions, volunteer for projects, or speak up in discussions. They are usually the ones who get called on by the teacher and are praised for their contributions. Meanwhile, there are also students who participate less than others. They may rarely speak up in class, avoid answering questions, or shy away from group work. These students often go unnoticed by the teacher and may not receive as much praise for their efforts. Participation bias exists when a machine learning algorithm gives more weight to data points that were generated by participants (i.e., those that were more active). This can lead to inaccurate predictions because it privileges data from certain individuals over others.	participation bias	Explain participation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Participation bias is like when a person only votes in elections that they know they can win. This means that the person’s vote won’t really be counted because their opinion won’t matter as much as someone who votes in all of the elections, even if they might not think they can win every time. In machine learning, this happens when a model is only trained on data from a certain group of people or sources, and not on data from everyone. As a result, the model might not be able to accurately predict what will happen with other groups of people or data sources.	participation bias	Explain participation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
A good analogy for participation bias in machine learning is to imagine a classroom of students. The teacher randomly selects one student to answer a question and the rest of the class observes. If the selected student happens to know the answer, then that student's classmates are more likely to believe that they too would know the answer if called on. This creates a biased perspective among the students who did not get picked and makes it more difficult for them to learn. In machine learning, this occurs when some data points (or examples) are more likely to be chosen than others for training or testing algorithms. This can create inaccurate models since they are not being trained on a representative sample of all data points.	participation bias	Explain participation bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
A partitioning strategy is like a pie chart. It divides up the data into manageable chunks so that it can be analyzed and understood more easily. This makes it easier to find patterns and trends in the data.	partitioning strategy	Explain partitioning strategy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Partitioning is a technique that can be used in machine learning to improve the efficiency of algorithms. It involves dividing the data into subsets (or partitions) so that each subset can be processed independently. This approach can be especially useful when there are a large number of data points to be processed, or when certain parts of the data are more important than others.	partitioning strategy	Explain partitioning strategy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Partitioning is like separating a big box of mixed up candy into smaller boxes. You can think of the different types of candy as the different kinds of data that you want to analyze- for example, sorting by color or type. By partitioning your data, you can make it easier to work with and understand.	partitioning strategy	Explain partitioning strategy (machine learning) using an analogy.
The partitioning strategy is like dividing a pie into equal slices. It helps to distribute the workload evenly and achieve faster results.	partitioning strategy	Explain partitioning strategy (machine learning) using an analogy.
A partitioning strategy is like when you are cleaning your room, and you divide it into different sections to make the work easier. You might have a section for clothes, one for toys, one for books, etc. In machine learning, we use partitioning strategies to help us learn how to classify objects (in our analogy, this would be like grouping all of your clothes together, all of your toys together, etc.).	partitioning strategy	Explain partitioning strategy (machine learning) using an analogy.
A perceptron is like a brain. It can learn how to do things by itself by adjusting its own settings.	perceptron	Explain perceptron (machine learning) using an analogy.
Perceptron is like a door that can be opened or closed, depending on if the signal it receives corresponds to an open or close command.	perceptron	Explain perceptron (machine learning) using an analogy.
A perceptron is like a brain. It can learn to recognize patterns in data and make decisions accordingly.	perceptron	Explain perceptron (machine learning) using an analogy.
Perceptron is a bit like the human brain. It can learn to recognize patterns in data, and then make predictions about new data based on what it has learned.	perceptron	Explain perceptron (machine learning) using an analogy.
A perceptron is like a tiny brain. It can "learn" to recognize things based on examples that you give it.	perceptron	Explain perceptron (machine learning) using an analogy.
Performance is like a teacher grading homework. The teacher will give a higher grade to work that is well done, and a lower grade to work that is poorly done. In the same way, machine learning systems will give better results to inputs that are easier to learn (i.e. have high performance) and worse results to inputs that are more difficult to learn (i.e. have low performance).	performance	Explain performance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a fitness coach. It observes your performance and provides feedback on what you need to do to improve.	performance	Explain performance (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you are learning to play a new sport, such as tennis, you go through a process of practice and improvement. You might start by hitting balls against a wall, then progress to playing with other people. The more time you spend practicing and playing the game, the better your skills will become.The same is true for machine learning algorithms. They need to be trained on data in order to learn how to perform tasks accurately. The more data they have access to, the better their performance will be.	performance	Explain performance (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for performance is the time it takes to run a race. The goal of the race is to finish first, and different runners have different abilities. Some runners are able to finish the race quickly, while others take a bit longer. In the same way, some machines are able to learn faster than others, depending on their ability (or "ability" in this case refers to the amount of data they have access to).	performance	Explain performance (machine learning) using an analogy.
I think of it as a race between runners. The better runner is the one who can learn from their mistakes and make adjustments quickly. The worse runner is the one who keeps making the same mistakes.	performance	Explain performance (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you were to ask a person on the street what perplexity is, they would likely be confused by your question. However, if you asked them what it means to be perplexed, they might tell you that it means to be puzzled or confused. In machine learning, perplexity is a way of measuring how well a machine learning algorithm is doing at classifying data. It takes into account both the number of correct classifications and the number of incorrect classifications made by the algorithm.	perplexity	Explain perplexity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Perplexity is a measure of how difficult it is for a machine learning algorithm to find a good solution to a problem. It's like the difficulty level in a video game - the higher the number, the harder the puzzle. Perplexity helps us determine when an algorithm has found a good solution (a low value) or is still searching for one (a high value).	perplexity	Explain perplexity (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you're learning to drive a car, at first everything is confusing - the pedals, the wheel, the gears. But once you've gotten used to it and been behind the wheel a few times, things start making more sense. You know how to work the clutch and when to use each gear; turning becomes easier and smoother. Driving isn't perplexing anymore because you understand what's happening beneath your feet.Machine learning works in a similar way: algorithms are given data (like pictures of cars) and they try to figure out how best to predict future data based on what they've learned so far (like whether or not an image contains a car). The algorithms get better over time as they "learn" from more and more data - just like you did when learning how to drive.	perplexity	Explain perplexity (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you’ve ever played a game of chess, you may have been perplexed by your opponent’s move – even if you understood the rules of the game. In machine learning, perplexity is used as a measure of how difficult it is to predict an outcome based on a set of training data. Similar to how it can be difficult to anticipate your opponent’s next chess move, predicting an outcome in machine learning can be challenging when there is limited data available. Perplexity helps quantify this difficulty, providing researchers with a way to compare different algorithms and models.	perplexity	Explain perplexity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Perplexity is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm can find the correct pattern in data. It is often measured using the number of incorrect passes that are required before the algorithm finds the correct pattern. Perplexity can be thought of as a way to compare different algorithms, or to determine how much work a machine learning algorithm needs to do in order to find the desired pattern.	perplexity	Explain perplexity (machine learning) using an analogy.
A pipeline is like a set of factory machines that are all connected. The first machine takes in some raw materials and processes them into something else. The next machine does the same, but with the output from the previous machine. This continues until you have a product that is ready to be sold.	pipeline	Explain pipeline (machine learning) using an analogy.
A pipeline is like a conveyor belt. Data goes in at one end, and a result comes out the other. The data might be raw material that is turned into something useful, like a product that can be sold. Or it might be information that has been processed and cleaned up so it can be used for further analysis.	pipeline	Explain pipeline (machine learning) using an analogy.
A pipeline analogy for machine learning is to think of it as a factory assembly line. raw materials (data) come in one end and a finished product (a model that can be used to make predictions) comes out the other. In between, there are many machines (algorithms) performing different steps of the process.	pipeline	Explain pipeline (machine learning) using an analogy.
A pipeline is like a conveyor belt in a factory. It moves objects from one place to another, so that the workers can process them. In machine learning, a pipeline is a series of algorithms that are applied to data in order to learn and improve the performance of a computer system.	pipeline	Explain pipeline (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of the machine learning pipeline as a conveyor belt, the first step is to feed in data (the raw materials) into the system. The next step is to have the machine learn how to recognize patterns and group similar items together. After that, it's time to test how well the machine has learned by putting it through its paces with new data. Finally, you take what it has learned and use it for some specific task or application.	pipeline	Explain pipeline (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning pipeline is a bit like getting your car serviced. The first step is the oil change: you remove the old oil and replace it with new, fresh oil. Next comes the filter replacement: you take out the old filter and put in a new one. Finally, you top up all of the fluids and check that everything is working properly.	pipelining	Explain pipelining (machine learning) using an analogy.
Pipelining is like when you are at a restaurant and you order your food. The waiter takes your order, but then instead of going to the kitchen to get your food, he goes and gets someone else's food first. Then he brings that food to the table, and while that person is eating their food, he goes back to the kitchen and gets your food. By doing this, the waiter can serve more people in a shorter amount of time.	pipelining	Explain pipelining (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you go to the store, you might buy different items in each aisle. You go down one aisle for milk, then cheese, then eggs. This is like a sequential pipeline where you move sequentially through data sets (the aisles).Now imagine if you could also go up and down the aisles at the same time. You could pick up some eggs while getting your milk, or grab some cheese while getting your eggs. This is like pipelining where you can work on multiple tasks simultaneously (going up and down the aisles).	pipelining	Explain pipelining (machine learning) using an analogy.
Pipelining is like a water slide. You put your body at the top of the slide, and then let it go. The power of pipelining comes from taking advantage of the fact that different parts of the process can happen simultaneously.	pipelining	Explain pipelining (machine learning) using an analogy.
Pipelining is like a factory assembly line. Parts come into one end and finished products come out the other. In machine learning, data comes in and predictions come out, with each step being done in parallel.	pipelining	Explain pipelining (machine learning) using an analogy.
Policies are like a set of instructions that tell a machine how to behave in specific situations. For example, you might have a policy that says "if the temperature is below zero, turn on the heater."	policy	Explain policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for policy in machine learning is as a recipe. A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a cook, and the training data is the recipe book. The algorithm learns how to make a dish by looking at lots of example recipes. Once it understands the basic principles, it can start cooking without following a specific recipe step-by-step. Instead, it will use its understanding of the ingredients and methods to come up with its own version of the dish that it thinks will taste best.	policy	Explain policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
The policy in machine learning is like a map. It tells the computer where to go and what to do when it gets there.	policy	Explain policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for policy in machine learning is that it can be thought of as a “filter” on the data. In other words, the policy helps to determine which data points are most important when training the model. This is important because it allows the model to focus on only the most relevant data, which can speed up the training process and improve accuracy.	policy	Explain policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you go to a restaurant, the policy is that the waitstaff will seat you and give you menus. After they take your drink order, they'll start cooking your food. When it's ready, they'll bring it out to your table.	policy	Explain policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning algorithms analyze data in order to find patterns. Once these patterns are found, the machine learning algorithm can predict future values for the data. In pooling, different machine learning algorithms are used to analyze the same data set. The results of these analyses are then pooled together in order to find a pattern that is common to all of them. This pattern can then be used to predict future values for the data set.	pooling	Explain pooling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Pooling is a technique used in machine learning for reducing the dimensionality of data. It works by combining similar data points together, so that they can be represented by a single representative point. This makes the data easier to work with, and allows it to be processed more quickly.	pooling	Explain pooling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Pooling is a technique used in machine learning for data pre-processing. It is a method of reducing the dimensionality of a dataset by combining similar or identical features together into one representative feature. Pooling can be implemented in various ways, but the most common approach is to use a function that takes two vectors as input and produces a single vector as output.	pooling	Explain pooling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Pooling is like when you are at the pool and you see someone walking towards the deep end. You quickly swim over to them and ask if they need help. They say yes, so you grab their hand and help them get to the shallow end.	pooling	Explain pooling (machine learning) using an analogy.
A group of small fish swimming together is said to be "pooled." In the context of machine learning, pooling means combining several different training datasets into a single dataset. This can improve the accuracy of machine learning algorithms by reducing the amount of noise in the data.	pooling	Explain pooling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Positive class (machine learning) is like a teacher in a classroom. The teacher is responsible for teaching the students, and the students are responsible for learning.	positive class	Explain positive class (machine learning) using an analogy.
Positive class (machine learning) is like a teacher who knows the subject matter very well and can help students learn. The positive class can provide feedback, explanations, and support to help students understand the material and make progress.	positive class	Explain positive class (machine learning) using an analogy.
Positive class is like a black belt in karate. It is the best possible outcome that you can achieve.	positive class	Explain positive class (machine learning) using an analogy.
A positive class is the target or desired outcome of a machine learning algorithm. The goal is to find a set of features that can be used to distinguish members of the positive class from those in the negative class. This allows the algorithm to predict whether a new observation belongs to the positive or negative class with high accuracy.	positive class	Explain positive class (machine learning) using an analogy.
Positive class is like a teacher in a classroom. The positive class is the one responsible for teaching the students and providing them with information. In machine learning, the positive class is the one that is responsible for labeling data as being something (i.e., positive or negative).	positive class	Explain positive class (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let’s say you have a huge box of photos, and you want to sort them into two piles. The first pile is for photos of your friends, and the second pile is for photos of strangers. You could do this by hand, but it would be very time consuming. It would be much faster if you could use a machine learning algorithm to automatically group the photos into piles.	post-processing	Explain post-processing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you're a cook and you've just finished making a meal. Once the food is prepared, you might decide to do some additional tasks to make it more palatable. This is analogous to post-processing in machine learning. After the neural network has been trained on data, it can be given extra instructions (i.e., "post-processed") that will improve its performance. These instructions might include: adding noise to the input data, rescaling the input data, or changing the activation function of certain neurons.	post-processing	Explain post-processing (machine learning) using an analogy.
After your car has been serviced at the mechanic, they may perform post-processing to ensure that everything is working properly. Post-processing in machine learning is similar - it's the final step of analyzing data to make sure that your model performed as expected and that there are no errors.	post-processing	Explain post-processing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Some people might think of post-processing as a kind of "aftercare" for data. You might have cleaned and prepped your data, but there are still ways to improve it - through post-processing techniques. Just like you would go to the salon after you've already washed and styled your hair at home, you can use post-processing methods on your data to make it look even better.	post-processing	Explain post-processing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Suppose you have a really bad cold and you go to the doctor. The doctor looks at your symptoms and then prescribes medication. After taking the medication, you feel better. The doctor’s diagnosis and prescription was the post-processing step that helped improve your condition.	post-processing	Explain post-processing (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you imagine a graph that plots the probability of an event happening (y-axis) against the number of times the event is repeated (x-axis), then the area under this curve would be a measure of how likely it is for the event to happen. This is sometimes also referred to as the "expected value" or "mean."	pr auc (area under the pr curve)	Explain pr auc (area under the pr curve) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The Pr curve is a graphical representation of the probability that a randomly chosen positive example is from the given class. The area under the Pr curve is also known as the, "Cumulative Probability," and it can be used to estimate how likely it is that a randomly chosen object belongs to a certain class.	pr auc (area under the pr curve)	Explain pr auc (area under the pr curve) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The area under the pr curve (auc) is a measure of how well a machine learning model can predict the probability that a new observation belongs to a given class. It is computed by dividing the total area under the pr curve by the number of classes. The higher the auc, the better the machine learning model is at predicting class membership.	pr auc (area under the pr curve)	Explain pr auc (area under the pr curve) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The Pr AUC measures how good a machine learning algorithm is at predicting the probability of something. Imagine you are trying to predict whether someone will buy a product or not. The higher the Pr AUC, the more likely it is that the machine learning algorithm can accurately predict whether someone will buy a product or not.	pr auc (area under the pr curve)	Explain pr auc (area under the pr curve) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The area under the pr curve is analogous to the total amount of rainfall over a period of time. The higher the pr, the more likely it is that it will rain.	pr auc (area under the pr curve)	Explain pr auc (area under the pr curve) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Precision-recall curve is a measure of how well a classifier predicts positive instances (true positives) versus how many it predicts in total (true and false positives). The precision-recall curve is usually plotted as a Receiver Operating Characteristic or ROC.An analogy for this could be to imagine you are trying to catch fish in a lake. You throw your net into the water and pull it back up. How many fish did you catch? This would be your recall. Now, let's say you also measure how many of the fish were actually meant to be caught - these would be your true positives. Finally, let's say that you threw your net into the water 1,000 times and caught 100 fish each time. This would give you a recall of 100%. However, only 10 of those 100 fish were actually meant to be caught - so your precision would be 10%.	precision-recall curve	Explain precision-recall curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
Precision-recall curve is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm predicts true positives and false negatives. A precision-recall curve can be graphed with recall on the y-axis and precision on the x-axis. The ideal point would be at (1,1) where all predictions are correct.	precision-recall curve	Explain precision-recall curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
Precision-recall curve is a graph that plots the precision (y-axis) against recall (x-axis) of a machine learning algorithm. The precision measures how many times an algorithm correctly identified an instance as belonging to a particular category, while the recall measures how often the algorithm identified all instances of that category.	precision-recall curve	Explain precision-recall curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
A precision-recall curve is a graph that plots the precision (P) against recall (R) for a particular classifier. The x-axis represents the percentage of instances in which the classifier is correct, and the y-axis represents the number of instances in which the classifier is correct.	precision-recall curve	Explain precision-recall curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
A precision-recall curve is like a ruler. The precision tells you how close all of the measurements are to the true value, while the recall tells you how many of the measurements actually match the true value.	precision-recall curve	Explain precision-recall curve (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for prediction would be if you were trying to predict what the weather is going to be like tomorrow. You might look at past data on temperature, precipitation, and other factors to try to guess what the weather will be like tomorrow.	prediction	Explain prediction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Prediction is like a weather forecast. A weather forecast doesn't always get it right, but over time the forecasts become more accurate as they learn from past data. The same thing happens with machine learning algorithms - they "learn" by analyzing past data in order to make predictions about future events.	prediction	Explain prediction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a person trying to learn how to predict the future. The person starts by collecting data about past events, and then tries to find patterns in that data. Once they have found some patterns, they can start making predictions about what might happen in the future.	prediction	Explain prediction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Predicting is like making a guess about what will happen in the future. This can be done by humans, or machines using artificial intelligence (AI). AI learns through experience, which is why it’s able to make more accurate predictions over time.	prediction	Explain prediction (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a teacher. The teacher sees how well a student does on tests and assignments, and then uses that information to predict how the student will do on future tests and assignments.	prediction	Explain prediction (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are trying to predict whether someone will like a new movie, prediction bias would be if your predictions were always wrong for one person but right for another. This could be because you have different opinions than the people you are predicting or because of some other inconsistency in your data.	prediction bias	Explain prediction bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Predicting the outcome of a sports game is often done by looking at the teams' past performances. This is an example of prediction bias, because it's not really predicting anything; it's just using past data to make a decision. Machine learning algorithms can also be prone to prediction bias if they are not given enough training data.	prediction bias	Explain prediction bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
One example of bias in machine learning is when the algorithm is overfit to the training data, meaning that it has been excessively tuned to match the characteristics of that data set and is not as effective when applied to other data sets. This can be likened to a person who has only ever seen one particular person walking down a street and concludes that all people walk like that individual; when they are then shown someone else walking down the street, they will likely be unable to predict how that person walks.	prediction bias	Explain prediction bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
One example of how bias can distort machine learning predictions is what is called "selection bias." Selection bias occurs when a machine learning algorithm is trained on data that are not randomly selected from the population. For example, if an algorithm is being used to predict whether someone will commit a crime in the future, and only data about people who have been convicted of crimes are used to train the algorithm, then the algorithm may be biased against certain groups of people (e.g., minorities) because they are more likely to be falsely convicted than others.	prediction bias	Explain prediction bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Predicting that the sun will rise tomorrow is an example of prediction bias. When a machine learning algorithm is biased in its predictions, it means that it consistently predicts one outcome over another, even when the data does not support this. This can happen when the algorithm has been trained on datasets that are not representative of all data, or when it has been tuned to favor certain outcomes.	prediction bias	Explain prediction bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Predictive parity is like a human using past experiences to make predictions about the future. For example, if you have been robbed in the past, you may be more likely to be robbed again in the future because of your history.	predictive parity	Explain predictive parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Predictive parity is like a parent predicting how their child will turn out. The parent looks at the child's characteristics and makes a prediction about what kind of person the child will become. Machine learning does something similar, but it uses data to predict future events.	predictive parity	Explain predictive parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you learn to drive a car, one of the first things you do is predict how your car will behave given different controls inputs (accelerating, braking and turning). You use this predictive ability to manoeuvre around obstacles and stay on course. Predictive parity is similar – it allows machines to make predictions about future events based on past data. This enables them to respond in real-time as new information arises, improving their performance over time.	predictive parity	Explain predictive parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Predictive parity is a bit like predicting the winner of a horse race. You don't know exactly who will win, but you can make an educated guess based on the information you have. In the same way, predictive parity allows you to make predictions about future events by analyzing past data.	predictive parity	Explain predictive parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of predictive parity as a person, then imagine that she can read minds. She knows what people are going to do before they do it. This is similar to how predictive parity works with machines - by using algorithms and past data, it can predict future events or outcomes.	predictive parity	Explain predictive parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Predictive rate parity is a bit like your bank's overdraft protection. It monitors your spending and predicts when you will go over your account limit, so that it can transfer money into your account to cover the shortfall. In the same way, predictive rate parity (PRP) uses machine learning algorithms to monitor network traffic and predict when congestion will occur, so that service providers can allocate resources accordingly.	predictive rate parity	Explain predictive rate parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
A predictive rate parity is like a perfect referee in a sports game. The referee would never make an incorrect call and would always be fair. In the same way, machine learning can be used to ensure that predictions are accurate and unbiased.	predictive rate parity	Explain predictive rate parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of predictive rate parity as a kind of “machine learning insurance policy,” it can be thought of as a way to ensure that your predictions are always accurate. In the same way that car insurance protects you in case of an accident, predictive rate parity helps protect your machine learning models from inaccurate predictions.	predictive rate parity	Explain predictive rate parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Predictive rate parity is the idea that a machine learning algorithm can be made to predict future events as accurately as a human. This analogy might help make it more clear: predictive rate parity is like being able to predict what will happen in the next soccer game as well as a professional soccer player.	predictive rate parity	Explain predictive rate parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
If two people have the same predictive rate for a certain task, then they are equally likely to be correct about future events pertaining to that task.	predictive rate parity	Explain predictive rate parity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Preprocessing is like doing the dishes. It's a necessary step to getting rid of all the dirt and grease so that you can have a clean surface to work with. In machine learning, preprocessing is used to get rid of all the noise in your data so that you can more accurately train your models.	preprocessing	Explain preprocessing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Preprocessing is a bit like getting in shape for a race. The runners do some exercises to warm up and then stretch their muscles before the race begins. In the same way, preprocessing helps to get your data ready for learning algorithms by doing some initial cleaning and transformations.	preprocessing	Explain preprocessing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Preprocessing is like cleaning a messy room. The first step is to gather all the junk into one place so you can see what you're working with. Then, you start sorting through everything and getting rid of the trash. Once the room is clean, it's easier to find things and put them back in their places.	preprocessing	Explain preprocessing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Preprocessing is like taking a shower before going out. It cleanses and prepares the data for use in machine learning algorithms.	preprocessing	Explain preprocessing (machine learning) using an analogy.
Preprocessing in machine learning is similar to cleaning a dirty dish. The first step is to get rid of the big chunks of food, and then work on getting the smaller pieces clean. This analogy applies because preprocessing cleans up the data so that the algorithms have a cleaner dataset to work with, which leads to more accurate results.	preprocessing	Explain preprocessing (machine learning) using an analogy.
A pre-trained model is a bit like someone who has already been to a particular city and knows all the best places to eat, visit and stay. If you're visiting that city for the first time, it's much easier to rely on their advice than trying to figure everything out yourself. In the same way, a pre-trained machine learning model can speed up the process of training a new machine learning model on a new data set by using its knowledge of patterns in the data set from which it was originally trained.	pre-trained model	Explain pre-trained model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Pre-trained models are similar to academic experts in a particular subject. Expertise is gained over time through instruction and practice, which allows experts to develop an intuition for how certain situations will play out. pre-trained models work the same way – they are given large amounts of data so that they can learn all the intricacies of a particular task (in this case, image recognition or natural language processing). The benefit of using pre-trained models is that you don’t have to start from scratch; you can simply load in the model and start using it to perform predictions.	pre-trained model	Explain pre-trained model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Pre-trained models are a bit like your best friend from high school. You've known them for a long time, so you know all of their quirks and they know all of yours. When it comes to new situations, you can rely on them to help guide you through things because they already have some experience with what's going on. Similarly, pre-trained models in machine learning can be thought of as algorithms that have been exposed to large amounts of data before being deployed for a specific task. This allows them to generalize more effectively when presented with new data, resulting in better performance than if they were trained from scratch using only the data at hand.	pre-trained model	Explain pre-trained model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Pre-trained models are a bit like the training wheels on a bicycle. They provide a starting point for learning and make it easier to learn the correct behavior. In machine learning, pre-trained models are used to speed up the process of learning how to recognize objects or patterns in data.	pre-trained model	Explain pre-trained model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Pre-trained models are a bit like humans. We are born with some abilities and learn more as we grow older. A pre-trained model is a machine learning algorithm that has been “trained” on a large dataset before being used for another task. This means that it already knows how to do something (like identify objects in images or recognize speech) and can be used to speed up the process of learning a new task.	pre-trained model	Explain pre-trained model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Analogy: My prior belief about learning is that it is a bit like getting lost while driving in an unfamiliar city. You may have a general idea of where you are going, but without street signs or other landmarks, it can be difficult to know for sure which way to turn. In the same way, we often have some idea of what we want our machine learning model to achieve, but without feedback on how well we are doing (or specific instructions), it can be hard to tell if we are making progress.	prior belief	Explain prior belief (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you were a child, you believed that the Tooth Fairy left money under your pillow when you lost a tooth. You probably no longer believe this to be true, but at one point in your life, you did believe it. This is an example of prior belief.	prior belief	Explain prior belief (machine learning) using an analogy.
A prior belief in machine learning is like a person who has been driving for years and knows the best routes to take. This person not only knows the fastest way to get to their destination, but also knows all of the shortcuts and alternate routes. The more experience this person has driving, the better they will become at making decisions on which route to take.	prior belief	Explain prior belief (machine learning) using an analogy.
Prior belief in machine learning is similar to the belief one has before a game of poker. The player may have certain cards that they are holding, and based on those cards as well as the other players' holdings, they may make assumptions about which cards their opponents are likely to be holding. This forms the player's prior beliefs going into the hand.	prior belief	Explain prior belief (machine learning) using an analogy.
Hearing a sound for the first time, you may believe that someone is knocking on your door. After hearing the sound multiple times, you develop a prior belief that someone is probably knocking on your door based on experience. In machine learning, a similar concept occurs when algorithms are exposed to data (e.g., images or text). The more data an algorithm is exposed to, the better it becomes at predicting outcomes (e.g., what objects are in an image or what words are in a sentence).	prior belief	Explain prior belief (machine learning) using an analogy.
A probabilistic regression model is a bit like a very smart mathematician who can look at data and figure out how different factors are related. This mathematician can then predict how new data will be affected by changes in the factors she’s studied.	probabilistic regression model	Explain probabilistic regression model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A probabilistic regression model is a bit like a pocket calculator. You can use it to do basic calculations, like addition and subtraction. But you can also use it to perform more complicated tasks, like calculus problems. The machine learning algorithm works in a similar way. It’s able to do simple tasks, like predicting values based on training data. But it can also perform more complex operations, like identifying patterns in data or recognizing objects in images.	probabilistic regression model	Explain probabilistic regression model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A probabilistic regression model is a lot like a weather forecast. You can use past data to predict the likelihood of certain outcomes, based on how similar they are to what’s happened in the past.	probabilistic regression model	Explain probabilistic regression model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine Learning is like a group of people trying to predict the outcome of a treasure hunt. They have a lot of information about past hunts- where they've found treasures, how much time it took them to find the treasure, what kind of terrain they were hunting in, etc. They also know each member of their team's strengths and weaknesses (some people are better at finding things in forests than in deserts, for example). Based on all this data, the machine learning algorithm tries to figure out which variables are most important in predicting where treasures will be found, and how likely each team member is to find one.	probabilistic regression model	Explain probabilistic regression model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A probabilistic regression model is like a recipe for making a cake. The ingredients and instructions are given, and by following them you have a high chance of producing a delicious cake. Probabilistic models give us a way to learn the structure of data and make accurate predictions from it.	probabilistic regression model	Explain probabilistic regression model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Proxy (sensitive attributes) are similar to a security guard at a bank. The security guard is not the person with the money, but they are responsible for keeping it safe. proxy (sensitive attributes) are used in machine learning to protect sensitive information, like passwords or social security numbers.	proxy (sensitive attributes)	Explain proxy (sensitive attributes) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Proxy (sensitive attributes) can be thought of as a layer of security between the user and the machine learning algorithm. By keeping sensitive information, such as race or gender, hidden from the algorithm, it is less likely to produce biased results. This analogy could be compared to a bank using a proxy server to keep its customers' personal information safe while they are online.	proxy (sensitive attributes)	Explain proxy (sensitive attributes) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Proxy variables are like a translator between two languages. They allow you to use one variable to predict the value of another variable without having to know anything about how the first variable affects the second.	proxy (sensitive attributes)	Explain proxy (sensitive attributes) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Proxy is like a person who stands in for another person in a legal proceeding. The proxy represents the interests of the other person and can provide information or take actions on their behalf. Sensitive attributes are like hidden pieces of information that can be used to improve predictions made by machine learning algorithms. By using these sensitive attributes, models can become more accurate without having to reveal all of the details about the data set. This allows organizations to protect their confidential data while still benefiting from the increased accuracy provided by machine learning algorithms.	proxy (sensitive attributes)	Explain proxy (sensitive attributes) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Proxy is a technique used in machine learning for reducing the dimensionality of data. It is analogous to using a reduced set of coordinates to represent a much larger space. In particular, proxy attributes are those that are not directly related to the task at hand, but are instead correlated with the true attribute values. They can be thought of as "surrogate" variables that can be used to approximate the true values. By using proxy attributes, it is often possible to reduce the number of training examples required for a given task.	proxy (sensitive attributes)	Explain proxy (sensitive attributes) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Proxy labels are like a map. They help us find our way around in the world of data. In particular, they can help us understand how different parts of the data relate to one another.	proxy labels	Explain proxy labels (machine learning) using an analogy.
Proxy labels are like a cheat sheet for machines. They are used to help a machine learn how to predict something by providing it with information that is already known. This makes the machine's job easier, as it can focus on learning the specific task at hand rather than having to figure out all of the variables itself. An analogy would be giving a child flashcards with pictures and words on them in order to teach them how to read. The child doesn't have to spend time figuring out what the letters look like or what they mean - they can just focus on learning how to put them together into words.	proxy labels	Explain proxy labels (machine learning) using an analogy.
Proxy labels are like a person’s fingerprints. They are unique to each individual and can be used to identify them. Similarly, proxy labels in machine learning can be used to identify different types of data.	proxy labels	Explain proxy labels (machine learning) using an analogy.
Proxy labels are similar to real-life stickers that you would put on your mailbox to indicate the mail carrier’s name. When a machine learning algorithm is being “trained,” it relies on proxy labels to help it learn which features of data correspond with certain outcomes. In other words, by providing the algorithm with labeled data (e.g., emails sent to HR department vs. other email addresses), the algorithm can better understand how different features (e.g., subject line, send time, recipient list) correlate with certain outcomes (e.g., whether an email was successfully delivered).	proxy labels	Explain proxy labels (machine learning) using an analogy.
Proxy labels are similar to tags that you might put on photos. They are a way of categorizing data so that it is easier to find and understand. For example, you might use proxy labels to group pictures of your friends together, or images of food together. This would make it easy for you to find all the pictures of your friends, or all the pictures of food, without having to search through every photo individually.	proxy labels	Explain proxy labels (machine learning) using an analogy.
A q-function is a machine learning algorithm that uses a quadratic equation to calculate the quality of different solutions. This function can be used to determine how good a particular solution is compared to others and helps to optimize results. The analogy would be like finding the best driving route by using a map and compass to find the shortest distance between two points.	q-function	Explain q-function (machine learning) using an analogy.
The q-function is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm can predict the correct answer to a question. It is essentially a way of measuring how accurate the algorithm is.	q-function	Explain q-function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A q-function is like a teacher grading tests. The teacher looks at how many questions the student got right and how many the student got wrong. The q-function then assigns a grade to the test based on how well the student did overall.	q-function	Explain q-function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A q-function is a mathematical function used in machine learning that helps predict the quality of a given solution. The analogy would be to imagine you are baking a cake and need to know how much icing to put on it for maximum deliciousness. The q-function would help by telling you how good each potential amount of icing will taste, so you can make the best decision.	q-function	Explain q-function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A q-function is like a map or guide that helps you find your way around in a new city. The function tells you how to get from one point to another, providing directions and step-by-step instructions. In the context of machine learning, the q-function can help you optimize your algorithm so that it performs better on a specific task.	q-function	Explain q-function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A baby learning to walk is an example of q-learning. The baby observes people walking and tries to imitate them. When the baby makes a mistake, it remembers what happened and adjusts its behavior accordingly.	q-learning	Explain q-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Forgetting how to ride a bike is like forgetting how to do a task that you once knew how to do. When you try to remember how to ride the bike, you might get frustrated because it feels like something is blocking your ability to recall what you once knew. But if you keep trying, and eventually succeed, then that's q-learning: slowly but surely relearning something by doing it over and over again until it becomes ingrained in your memory.	q-learning	Explain q-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A simple analogy to understand Q learning is remembering a telephone number. Initially, you may only remember the first few digits, but after hearing the entire number several times, you will be able to remember it perfectly. The "q" in q-learning stands for "query," which means that each time the network is presented with a new input (e.g., an image), it has to calculate how similar that input is to all of the previously seen inputs. By doing this calculation repeatedly, the machine learning algorithm can slowly improve its understanding of the data and eventually achieve a high level of accuracy.	q-learning	Explain q-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Q-learning is a machine learning algorithm that allows a computer to learn how to make decisions by example. The computer is given feedback after each decision it makes, and this feedback is used to improve the accuracy of its future decisions. Q-learning works best when paired with a reinforcement learning algorithm, which helps the computer determine which actions lead to the most positive outcomes.	q-learning	Explain q-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you're first learning to drive, you need someone sitting next to you in the passenger seat to tell you what to do. As you get better at it, though, you don't need that person as much - eventually, you can just follow their instructions in your head. That's a bit like q-learning: at first, we need someone (or something) else telling us what to do when trying to learn a new task; but with enough practice, we can eventually internalize those instructions and do things automatically.	q-learning	Explain q-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Random forest is a machine learning technique used to predict something using multiple decision trees. It's like if you had a ton of people guessing what something was, and then taking the average of all their guesses.	random forest	Explain random forest (machine learning) using an analogy.
Random forest is like a group of trees in a forest. Each tree is grown from a seed at random, and each tree is different. The trees are all together in one place, but they are not organized in any particular way. The leaves on the trees represent data points, and the branches represent decisions that were made by the machine learning algorithm.	random forest	Explain random forest (machine learning) using an analogy.
Random forest is a machine learning technique that can be used to predict something, like whether or not someone will default on a loan. It works by creating many different decision trees and then averaging the predictions of all of them. This analogy might help: Imagine you are trying to figure out whether or not someone will like a new book. You could ask lots of different people what they think, or you could create many different decision trees based on how people have voted in the past on books they've liked. Then, you would average the predictions from all of your decision trees to come up with a final answer.	random forest	Explain random forest (machine learning) using an analogy.
Random forest can be explained as a group of trees where each tree is planted randomly and independent from the other. In machine learning, this analogy would represent an algorithm that uses multiple decision trees to make predictions. The advantage of using a random forest is that it is less likely to overfit on the training data since there are so many individual decision trees involved in making the prediction.	random forest	Explain random forest (machine learning) using an analogy.
Random Forest is like a group of people where each person is different from the other. Each person in the group has their own opinion and they vote on what they think the best answer is. The results are then averaged to get a final answer.	random forest	Explain random forest (machine learning) using an analogy.
Random policy (machine learning) is a bit like throwing darts while blindfolded. You are not sure where the dart will land, but you have a general idea of what the possible outcomes could be. With machine learning, you choose a set of parameters and let the computer learn how to best optimize them through trial and error.	random policy	Explain random policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about random policy is as a “machine learning lottery.” In this analogy, the learner is like someone buying tickets in a lottery, where each ticket has some chance of winning (i.e., succeeding with the task). With every draw from the bag of tickets, the winner gets closer and closer to the true solution—assuming that there is one! In other words, by trying lots of different policies (trying different tickets), the machine learning algorithm eventually finds one that works well on average.	random policy	Explain random policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
Random policy (machine learning) is a bit like throwing darts at a board. With each dart, you are hoping to hit the bulls-eye. The more darts you throw, the higher your chances of hitting the bulls-eye. In machine learning, random policy is a way to quickly learn how to do something by trying many different things at once (i.e., by randomly choosing actions).	random policy	Explain random policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
It is like flipping a coin. You have no idea what the outcome will be, but it is just as likely to come up heads or tails.	random policy	Explain random policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
A policy is like a set of instructions that tells a machine how to behave in different situations. A random policy is like a policy where the machine just picks an instruction at random from the set every time it encounters a new situation.	random policy	Explain random policy (machine learning) using an analogy.
A rater is a machine learning algorithm that assigns a score to each example in a dataset, with the goal of predicting the class label of future examples. The rater can be thought of as “grading” each example according to how well it predicts the class label.	rater	Explain rater (machine learning) using an analogy.
A rater is like a teacher. They are responsible for helping students learn and grow in their skills. In the context of machine learning, raters are responsible for teaching algorithms how to correctly rate objects (e.g. pictures) based on their content.	rater	Explain rater (machine learning) using an analogy.
A rater is like a teacher. The rater gives feedback to the learner so they can improve their performance.	rater	Explain rater (machine learning) using an analogy.
A rater is a machine learning algorithm that predicts the rating of an item, such as a product on Amazon, based on other items with similar ratings. It does this by analyzing data about past ratings and then constructing a model that uses patterns in that data to predict future ratings.	rater	Explain rater (machine learning) using an analogy.
Rater (machine learning) is similar to a "teacher" that helps you learn how to do something. The teacher observes what you are doing and provides feedback so that you can improve your skills. In the same way, rater (machine learning) watches your data and provides feedback on how well it is performing.	rater	Explain rater (machine learning) using an analogy.
Recommender systems are a lot like your best friend. They know all about you and what you like, so they can recommend things that you might enjoy.	recommendation system	Explain recommendation system (machine learning) using an analogy.
A person’s likes and interests on Facebook can be used to create a profile that is similar to other people with similar interests. This profile can be used to recommend new friends, music, books, or movies that the user may enjoy.	recommendation system	Explain recommendation system (machine learning) using an analogy.
A person’s taste in music can be thought of as a “recommendation system.” If someone you know really likes a certain type of music, you might be more likely to listen to it yourself. You are using the other person’s recommendation to make your own decision about what music to listen to.In the same way, a machine learning algorithm is used to make recommendations for products, services, or content. The algorithm takes into account past behavior and predicts what a user might want or like based on that information.	recommendation system	Explain recommendation system (machine learning) using an analogy.
Recommending items to a customer is like recommending a dinner dish to someone. The goal is to suggest something that the person will enjoy, based on what they’ve liked in the past.	recommendation system	Explain recommendation system (machine learning) using an analogy.
A movie recommendation system is like a personal assistant who knows your likes and can suggest new movies for you to watch. The more you use the system, the better it gets at predicting what you might like.	recommendation system	Explain recommendation system (machine learning) using an analogy.
A rectified linear unit (relu) is a mathematical function that is used in machine learning. It is similar to an activation function, which is also used in machine learning. An analogy for a relu would be a thermostat. When the temperature falls below a certain point, the thermostat turns on the furnace to heat up the house. When it rises above another certain point, it shuts off the furnace again. The relu does something similar with inputs into a neural network - when they are too small or negative, it "turns on" and allows them to have an effect on the output of the network, and when they get too large or positive, it "turns off."	rectified linear unit (relu)	Explain rectified linear unit (relu) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Rectified linear unit is a type of activation function used in artificial neural networks. It is similar to the logistic function, but has a more restricted range so that all values are within the interval [0, 1]. This makes it less likely for neurons to "fire" or produce a large output value when presented with noisy input data.	rectified linear unit (relu)	Explain rectified linear unit (relu) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A rectified linear unit (relu) is a function that takes in an input, x, and outputs y = max(0,x), where 0 is the minimum activation value and x is the maximum activation value. The relu function can be thought of as an "on" or "active" switch: when the input signal is above zero, the output will be set to 1 (or whatever the activations range is); when the input signal falls below zero, the output will be set to 0.	rectified linear unit (relu)	Explain rectified linear unit (relu) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A rectified linear unit is a neuron in a machine learning algorithm that performs a mathematical function on its input data, similar to the way that real neurons in the brain process information. The main difference is that relu units are always “on” and do not have an activation threshold like biological neurons. This makes them more efficient for processing data and results in faster learning times.	rectified linear unit (relu)	Explain rectified linear unit (relu) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A rectified linear unit (relu) is a type of activation function in machine learning that resembles a threshold function. It is used to prevent neurons from becoming saturated and allows them to receive more inputs. Rectified linear units can be thought of as turning on a light switch when the input is greater than 0, but leaving the light off when the input is less than or equal to 0.	rectified linear unit (relu)	Explain rectified linear unit (relu) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A recurrent neural network is a bit like putting a group of friends in a room and then asking them to each tell you what they did yesterday. Each person will remember different events, and some people might even repeat events that others have already mentioned. But by the end of the conversation, you'll have a good understanding of what everyone did over the past day.In the same way, a recurrent neural network can be used to learn about sequences of events. It will remember different pieces of information from previous rounds of training, and it will also occasionally repeat bits of information that it has already learned. But overall, it will gradually build up a picture of how events are related to one another.	recurrent neural network	Explain recurrent neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
Recurrent neural networks are a bit like predicting the weather. You can use past data to predict future weather patterns. Recurrent neural networks work in a similar way, using past data to predict future outcomes.	recurrent neural network	Explain recurrent neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A recurrent neural network is like a group of people who have each other's phone numbers and keep in touch with each other. Whenever one person hears something interesting, they tell the others, and over time, the group as a whole gradually accumulates more knowledge.	recurrent neural network	Explain recurrent neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A recurrent neural network is a bit like how the human brain works. The neurons in our brains are connected in a way that allows information to flow between them, which means that they can learn and remember things. Recurrent neural networks work in a similar way, with connections between the neurons that allow information to flow back and forth. This allows them to learn and remember patterns of data much better than traditional neural networks.	recurrent neural network	Explain recurrent neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A recurrent neural network (machine learning) is like a group of people who have each other's phone numbers and can keep in touch with one another. They can share information with each other, pass along messages, and keep up to date on what's going on with each other.	recurrent neural network	Explain recurrent neural network (machine learning) using an analogy.
An analogy for a regression model is that it is like a car. The car has various parts (engine, tires, etc.) and these parts all work together to make the car go. If one of the parts isn't working right, then the whole car won't work right. In the same way, if one of the variables in your regression model isn't predicting well, then your regression model won't predict well.	regression model	Explain regression model (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of your data as a bunch of points on a line, then linear regression is like drawing a best-fit line through those points. You can use linear regression to predict what future points on the line will be based on past points.	regression model	Explain regression model (machine learning) using an analogy.
I can think of regression as a way of predicting how well someone will do in college based on their high school GPA. In this analogy, the predictor variable (high school GPA) is used to predict the outcome variable (college GPA).	regression model	Explain regression model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Regression model is like a mathematical function that can be used to predict the output for a given input. It works by finding patterns in data and using them to create a formula that can be used to estimate future results.	regression model	Explain regression model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A regression model is like a teacher. The teacher has a lot of data about her students, including their test scores and other information. She can use this data to predict how well her students will do on future tests.	regression model	Explain regression model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A regularization rate is a bit like "braking" on a bike. It helps to keep you under control and prevents you from going too fast (or overshooting your target). In machine learning, it's used to prevent models from becoming too complex and overfitting the training data.	regularization rate	Explain regularization rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you learn to drive a car, you start off with very basic instructions like “put on your seatbelt” and “steer the wheel.” As you continue driving, you get more specific commands like “turn the wheel left” or “press down on the gas pedal.” The general idea is that as you are getting better at driving, your instructor gives you feedback and gradually adjusts their instructions to make sure that you keep improving. This is similar to how regularization works in machine learning: it provides a way for models to learn from data while also avoiding overfitting (i.e., becoming too specialized in one set of data).	regularization rate	Explain regularization rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
The regularization rate determines how much a machine learning model will penalize itself for including extra terms in its equations. The analogy would be the amount of money you are willing to pay (penalty) to keep your car from hitting a wall (extra term).	regularization rate	Explain regularization rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
The regularization rate is like a speed limit on the road. It helps to make sure that the learning algorithm does not overfit the training data and learn patterns that are specific to the training set and do not hold in general.	regularization rate	Explain regularization rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
Regularization is like a savings account. It's a way to slowly add money to your account so that you can afford to make mistakes now and then without having to worry about going bankrupt.	regularization rate	Explain regularization rate (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for reinforcement learning is how a dog learns to fetch a ball. Initially, the dog might be completely unaware of what it needs to do in order to get the ball. After some time and experimentation (reinforcement), the dog will learn that if it goes to a certain spot in the yard and barks, the person who threw the ball will throw it back.	reinforcement learning (rl)	Explain reinforcement learning (rl) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Reinforcement learning is like teaching a dog how to fetch a ball. At first, the dog might not know what you want it to do, but with some encouragement (reinforcement), it will learn how to fetch the ball. With reinforcement learning, computers can also learn how to complete tasks by being rewarded for correct behaviour.	reinforcement learning (rl)	Explain reinforcement learning (rl) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Analogy: Reinforcement learning is like a baby learning how to walk. At first, the baby will only take a few steps before falling down. But as the baby keeps practicing, it will learn how to walk better and better. Eventually, the baby will be able to walk without falling down.	reinforcement learning (rl)	Explain reinforcement learning (rl) (machine learning) using an analogy.
RL is like teaching a dog to fetch. Initially, the dog might not know what you want it to do, but with enough repetitions (reinforcement), it will learn how to fetch the ball. The key difference between RL and traditional learning algorithms is that in RL there is an implicit feedback loop whereby the agent can try out different strategies and see which ones work best for achieving its goals.	reinforcement learning (rl)	Explain reinforcement learning (rl) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Reinforcement learning is like a dog training. The dog wants to learn how to get rewards (food) from its owner. So, the dog will try different things (actions) and notice what gets it closer to the reward. Overtime, the dog will learn which actions are more likely to get it closer to the reward and will start doing those actions more often.	reinforcement learning (rl)	Explain reinforcement learning (rl) (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about a replay buffer is as a "memory" for a machine learning algorithm. The buffer stores past data so that the algorithm can analyze it and learn from it. This allows the algorithm to improve its performance over time, by incorporating past experience into its decision-making process.	replay buffer	Explain replay buffer (machine learning) using an analogy.
The replay buffer is like a video recorder for a computer. It records the operations that are performed on data so that they can be played back later. This allows the computer to learn from its past operations and improve its performance.	replay buffer	Explain replay buffer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A replay buffer is like a video recorder for a TV. It records the input that was sent to the TV and allows you to watch it again later.	replay buffer	Explain replay buffer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A replay buffer is like a video recorder for a computer. It records all the instructions that have been carried out so far and can play them back later, allowing you to go back in time and see what the computer was doing at any point. This is useful for debugging programs, or for studying how they work by watching them run step-by-step.	replay buffer	Explain replay buffer (machine learning) using an analogy.
The replay buffer is like a library for your computer. It's a place where your computer can store information so it can be used again in the future. This is useful for things like learning how to play games or recognizing people's faces. The information that is stored in the replay buffer can be used by algorithms to improve over time.	replay buffer	Explain replay buffer (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy would be if you are a police officer and you only stop African Americans when you are doing your patrols. This would be an example of reporting bias because the police officer is only targeting a specific race when he/she is on patrol.	reporting bias	Explain reporting bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Reporting bias is a bit like cherry-picking the data you report on. You might only look at studies that show your favored result, or only include data from patients who respond well to your treatment. This can lead to inaccurate conclusions, since it’s not representative of the whole population.	reporting bias	Explain reporting bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Reporting bias is like a person who sees a car crash on the side of the road and then drives to that spot to see if they can help. This person is likely to be biased because they are going out of their way to find something bad.	reporting bias	Explain reporting bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy that is used to explain reporting bias (machine learning) is the game of telephone. In this game, one person whispers a message to another person who then whispers it to the next person and so on. By the time the message has been whispered around the room, it has usually changed quite a bit from the original. This is similar to what happens when data is input into a machine learning algorithm. The data gets “warped” as it goes through each layer of the network and by the time it is output, it may be quite different from how it was originally input.	reporting bias	Explain reporting bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Reporting bias is like when a police officer only writes tickets to people who they think are breaking the law, even if other people are also doing things that are against the law. Reporting bias in machine learning means that the algorithm is only learning from data that has been submitted to it, and not from all of the data that exists. This can cause inaccurate predictions because the dataset might be skewed.	reporting bias	Explain reporting bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you want to learn about a certain animal, like lions. You could go out and find books or articles about lions, watch videos of lions, and talk to people who have seen lions in the wild. This would be analogous to learning about lions through firsthand experiences and secondary sources (e.g., books, articles).Now let's say you want to learn about lions but don't have time for all that. So you decide to watch a nature documentary instead. In this case, the documentary would be your primary source of information on lions, while everything else would be considered secondary. The documentary might show footage of different parts of a lion's life (e.g., hunting, playing with cubs), as well as interviews with experts who can tell you more about these things. This would be analogous to using machine learning algorithms to represent knowledge about lions from a single source (the documentary).	representation	Explain representation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Using an analogy, we can think of the computer as a black box. Inside the black box, there is a function that takes in some input (x) and produces an output (y). We want to be able to predict y based on x, so we can feed in data for different x values and see what y value our function produces. Once we have done this enough times, we can start to assume that if x corresponds to a certain kind of thing, then y will also correspond to that kind of thing. This is how computers learn - by being fed lots of data with known outputs and seeing how well they can predict those outputs given new inputs.	representation	Explain representation (machine learning) using an analogy.
An example analogy for machine learning representation would be to think of a person’s brain as a computer. The person’s experiences in life are like the data that is being input into the computer. The brain then processes this information and stores it away. When the person needs to remember something, their brain can access the information that has been stored and use it accordingly.	representation	Explain representation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A person can be seen as a machine with inputs (senses) and outputs (actions). The input might be, for example, light that hits the person's eyes, and the output might be a movement of the person's hand. In machine learning, a computer is taught to recognize patterns in data in order to make predictions about future events. Just like people learn from experience, computers can learn by processing large amounts of data.	representation	Explain representation (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy is of a person who can read and write. The machine learning algorithm is like the person, and the data is like the text they are reading. The machine learning algorithm can learn how to predict something based on past examples (the text it has read).	representation	Explain representation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Re-ranking is a bit like the popular game show “Jeopardy!” In this game, contestants are given answers to questions and then must provide the corresponding questions. Re-ranking algorithms in machine learning work in a similar way. They take a set of input data and outputs (the questions) and reorder them based on how well they predict an outcome (the answer). This can be very useful for improving results in areas such as search engine optimization or fraud detection.	re-ranking	Explain re-ranking (machine learning) using an analogy.
Re-ranking can be thought of as a chef cooking a meal. The ingredients are the data, and the recipe is the machine learning model. After the ingredients have been cooked, they may need to be re-ranked based on how well they were cooked. Re-ranking takes into account not only how well each ingredient was cooked, but also which ingredients were used in order to create the best final dish.	re-ranking	Explain re-ranking (machine learning) using an analogy.
Re-ranking is a bit like the game of musical chairs. In the game, there are a certain number of chairs and a certain number of players. The players walk around the chairs until music stops playing. At that point, everyone tries to sit in a chair. Whoever doesn’t have a chair becomes out of the game. The music starts again, and everyone walks around the chairs until it stops. This process repeats until there is one player left who is declared the winner.In re-ranking, there are also a certain number of chairs (in this analogy, these would be our classification models) and a certain number of players (the data). The data walks around the models until it finds one that fits best (based on some measure of fit). At that point, it sits in that model’s chair and gets scored by that model. However, just as in musical chairs, other models may also fit the data well enough to score it reasonably highly. So, at each iteration or round of competition/re- ranking , all but one model get eliminated and only their scores survive to be used in subsequent iterations	re-ranking	Explain re-ranking (machine learning) using an analogy.
You are a music lover and have created a playlist of your favorite songs. You would like to share this playlist with your friends, but you don't want them to just listen to it the way you arranged the songs. You want them to be able to rank the songs in order of their own personal preference. So, you create another playlist called "My Friends' Favorite Songs." This new playlist has the same exact songs as your original, but they are now ranked according to how much your friends liked them.	re-ranking	Explain re-ranking (machine learning) using an analogy.
Re-ranking is like rearranging a deck of cards. The machine learning algorithm takes the first card (the input) and compares it to all of the other cards in the deck (the training set). It then determines which card is the best match, and puts that card in first place. If there are still multiple cards that are a close match, then the machine learning algorithm will rank them in order from best to worst.	re-ranking	Explain re-ranking (machine learning) using an analogy.
Return is a measure of how successful an investment has been. The higher the return, the more successful the investment. In machine learning, return refers to how accurately a neural network has learned from its training data. The higher the return, the more accurately it has learned.	return	Explain return (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you return something to a store, you are giving the item back to the person or place from which it came. In machine learning, if you want to retrain a model with a new set of data, you are essentially giving the model another chance to learn from data.	return	Explain return (machine learning) using an analogy.
You go to the store and buy a gallon of milk. You bring it home, open it, and drink some. The rest of the milk you put in the fridge. A few days later, you take out what's left of the milk and drink it. This is an example of return on investment (ROI).	return	Explain return (machine learning) using an analogy.
Suppose you are a contestant on a game show. There are ten questions, and the first nine are easy and worth one point each. The tenth question is very hard, and is worth ten points. If you get the first nine questions right, you would expect to be given the chance to answer the last question. However, if you get any of the first nine questions wrong, you are automatically eliminated from the game show. In this analogy, getting the first nine questions right is like returning (or succeeding) in machine learning; getting any of them wrong is like failing.	return	Explain return (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you return something to a store, you are essentially giving the item back to the company so that someone else can purchase it. machine learning is similar in that algorithms "return" predictions or suggestions to humans, who can then choose whether or not they want to use these suggestions.	return	Explain return (machine learning) using an analogy.
A reward in machine learning is analogous to a pat on the back or a bonus given to an employee. In both cases, it is used as positive reinforcement to encourage further desired behavior.	reward	Explain reward (machine learning) using an analogy.
Rewards in machine learning are akin to positive reinforcement in psychology. Just as a psychologist might give a child a piece of candy for correctly completing a task, a machine learning algorithm is given a small "reward" whenever it correctly predicts an outcome. This reward helps the algorithm learn which actions led to the desired result, so that it can more efficiently achieve similar outcomes in the future.	reward	Explain reward (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are a good person and do something nice for someone, they might give you a hug as a reward. In the same way, if you feed data into a machine learning algorithm and it predicts something correctly, the algorithm might 'reward' itself by increasing its confidence in the correctness of that prediction.	reward	Explain reward (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you give a dog a treat when it does something you want it to do, then you are rewarding the behavior. In the same way, if you have a machine learning algorithm and you give it a reward whenever it correctly predicts something, then you are teaching the algorithm to do better next time.	reward	Explain reward (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a farmer who has just finished harvesting your wheat crop. You know that if you want to get a good harvest next year, you need to sow some wheat back into the ground. However, if you sow too much wheat, then there won't be enough space for it to grow and it will not produce many grain heads. If you sow too little wheat, then there might not be enough seeds to generate a new crop next year. So how do you determine how much seed to put back in the ground? One way to approach this problem is by using a rewards function. This function assigns numerical values (rewards) to different outcomes of the decision-making process in order to help the farmer make better choices. For example, suppose that the farmer decides to sow 100 kg of wheat and this leads to an average yield of 500 kg per hectare. The farmer could then assign a positive reward value (+5) for every additional kilogram of harvested grain above 500 kg, and/or a negative punishment (-1) for every kilogram below 500 kg. In this way, the rewards function would incentivize the farmer to keep increasing his yield until it reaches an optimal point where further increases no longer provide any benefits (the highest point on the curve). The same basic idea can be applied in machine learning contexts such as predictive modelling or classification tasks. In these cases, we are typically trying to find the best set of parameters (e.g., weights for a neural network or coefficients for a linear regression model) that will result in improved predictions or classifications accuracy over some training data set. We can use rewards functions within our optimization algorithms (e..g., gradient descent) so that they are constantly adjusting their search towards regions that produce higher predicted values or better classifications scores	reward	Explain reward (machine learning) using an analogy.
Ridge regularization is a technique used in machine learning to prevent overfitting. It does this by adding a penalty term to the cost function that encourages the model to remain small. This penalty term is called the ridge parameter, and it controls how much weight is given to the size of the model. Larger models are penalized more than smaller models, which prevents them from becoming too large and accurately fitting the training data.	ridge regularization	Explain ridge regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Ridge regularization is a technique used in machine learning to improve the accuracy of models. It does this by adding a penalty term to the cost function that encourages the model to fit the data more closely. This penalty discourages complex or wiggly models, which can often be overfitted to the data.	ridge regularization	Explain ridge regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Ridge regularization is a technique used in machine learning to avoid overfitting the model to the training data. It does this by adding a penalty term to the cost function that encourages the model parameters to be close to zero. This penalty term is usually proportional to the magnitude of the parameter vector, and it penalizes deviations from zero more heavily as the size of the parameter vector increases.	ridge regularization	Explain ridge regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
Ridge regularization is a technique used in machine learning to prevent overfitting of the model to the training data. It does this by adding a penalty term to the cost function that encourages the parameters of the model to be consistent with the existing data. This is done by penalizing models that produce too many small errors (called "ridge violations") on the training data.	ridge regularization	Explain ridge regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for ridge regularization is squeezing a tube of toothpaste. The more you squeeze, the more ridges appear in the paste. Ridge regularization adds extra "squeezing" to the learning algorithm, which results in fewer overfit models and higher prediction accuracy.	ridge regularization	Explain ridge regularization (machine learning) using an analogy.
One possible analogy for understanding a recurrent neural network (RNN) is to think about it as a device that can store memories, much like humans do. Just as we can remember experiences from our past and bring them up later in conversation, RNNs can also encode information and recall it later. This makes them particularly well-suited for tasks such as language modeling or machine translation, where they are required to keep track of elements of a sentence or phrase over time.	rnn	Explain rnn (machine learning) using an analogy.
A deep learning algorithm that uses recurrent neural networks (RNNs) to learn sequences of data. It can be used for tasks such as speech recognition, natural language processing, and machine translation.	rnn	Explain rnn (machine learning) using an analogy.
A recurrent neural network is a bit like a set of train tracks. The network can 'remember' things that it has been taught, just like a train car can remember the route it has taken. This makes the rnn very good at learning patterns and relationships between data items.	rnn	Explain rnn (machine learning) using an analogy.
A rnn is like a teacher. The teacher knows a lot about many different subjects. The teacher can help you learn new things by telling you about them, and by giving you examples.	rnn	Explain rnn (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm that uses recurrent neural networks (RNNs) to learn sequences of data. RNNs are particularly well-suited for analyzing text data and time series data.	rnn	Explain rnn (machine learning) using an analogy.
The rmse is a measure of the accuracy of a prediction or estimation. It is computed as the square root of the mean squared error, which is the average of the squares of the differences between each prediction and the actual value.	root mean squared error (rmse)	Explain root mean squared error (rmse) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The rmse is the average squared difference between a prediction and the actual value. It's like taking all of the distances between a predicted value and an actual value, squaring them, and then averaging them. This metric is often used to evaluate how accurate a model is at predicting values.	root mean squared error (rmse)	Explain root mean squared error (rmse) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A measure of the average squared deviation between predictions and the actual values. This is a common measure of how well a machine learning algorithm is performing on some task.	root mean squared error (rmse)	Explain root mean squared error (rmse) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The rmse is like the average distance between a point and all other points in a given dataset.	root mean squared error (rmse)	Explain root mean squared error (rmse) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The rmse is the average distance between a prediction and the actual value. In other words, it's a measure of how accurate our predictions are. We can think of it as the "average error" or "mean squared error."	root mean squared error (rmse)	Explain root mean squared error (rmse) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Rotational invariance is like a rubber band. It can be stretched in any direction without changing its essential properties. In the same way, rotational invariance allows algorithms to learn features of data as it rotates without losing important information.	rotational invariance	Explain rotational invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Rotational invariance is a property of certain mathematical objects, such as matrices, that remain the same after they are rotated. For example, if you rotate a matrix by 90 degrees, its values will still be the same. This is similar to how machines learn: they can rotate their views (or "poses") of an object in order to see it from different angles and still recognize it.	rotational invariance	Explain rotational invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
The analogy that I found most useful is that of a jigsaw puzzle. Rotational invariance in machine learning means that the shape of the whole puzzle (the target) doesn't change even if you rotate each piece (the input data) before putting it into place. In other words, the relationship between the pieces is always preserved, no matter how you move them around. This property is important because it allows algorithms to learn patterns without having to be explicitly told where those patterns are.	rotational invariance	Explain rotational invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Rotational invariance is a property of certain machine learning models that causes them to learn the same concepts, regardless of how they are rotated or translated. This analogy might help make this concept more clear. Consider a child who is learning the alphabet. Regardless of whether the child learns the letters by looking at them from right to left, or left to right, she will eventually learn all 26 letters in the alphabet. The same principle applies to rotational invariant machine learning models - they will learn the same concepts, regardless of how they are rotated or translated.	rotational invariance	Explain rotational invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Rotational invariance is a property of certain mathematical objects, such as rotations in three-dimensional space, that are unaffected by changes in the orientation of the object. In machine learning, rotational invariance refers to a feature extraction technique that preserves the important information about an image or signal while eliminating irrelevant noise. This allows algorithms to more effectively identify patterns and relationships in data.	rotational invariance	Explain rotational invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sampling bias is like when you only take pictures of your good side. It's not a completely fair representation of what you look like because you're choosing which pictures to show. With sampling bias in machine learning, it's often the case that the data set being used for training (or testing) isn't representative of the full population. This can cause problems with the accuracy of predictions made by algorithms.	sampling bias	Explain sampling bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sampling bias is like when you only ask your friends for their opinion on something. You are not getting a representative sample of all people's opinions, just the people who happen to be your friends. This can lead to inaccurate results because your friend group might not be representative of the population as a whole.	sampling bias	Explain sampling bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sampling bias is when a data set is not randomly selected and therefore does not accurately represent the population. For example, if you were to ask people on the street their opinion on a new product, your data would be biased because it only includes people who happened to be walking by at the time.	sampling bias	Explain sampling bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sampling bias is like a school of fish. The larger and more dominant fish are much more likely to be sampled than the smaller, weaker fish. This can distort the overall population because it only represents a small portion of the total. In machine learning, sampling bias can occur when data is biased towards a certain type or group of users. For example, if you're training a model to predict whether someone will buy something, and your data set consists only of people who have already bought something from you, then your model will be biased towards predicting that everyone will buy something.	sampling bias	Explain sampling bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sampling bias is like when you are in a hurry to get dinner and only have time to make one choice from the menu. If you choose the chicken dish, but there are actually more delicious dishes on the menu, your meal will not be as good as it could have been. This is because you did not sample all of the options. In a machine learning context, sampling bias can occur if a dataset does not accurately represent all of the data that exists within a population. For example, if a machine learning algorithm is trained on data from Google search results, it may be biased towards websites that show up higher in search rankings.	sampling bias	Explain sampling bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
A scalar is a single number, similar to how a machine learning algorithm can only understand and learn one piece of information at a time. Just as with numbers, algorithms can be manipulated and combined in interesting ways to create powerful models that can generalize from data.	scalar	Explain scalar (machine learning) using an analogy.
A scalar is like a number. For example, the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit is a scalar value.	scalar	Explain scalar (machine learning) using an analogy.
A scalar is like a number. It has a value and can be used to measure or calculate things.	scalar	Explain scalar (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of scalar is as if it were a grade school student. This student can only do basic addition, subtraction, multiplication and division. So this student would be good at basic math skills, but not so much at more complicated ones. In the same way, scalar can only do basic machine learning tasks like recognizing patterns in data or grouping similar items together. If you want your machine learning program to do more complicated things like predicting future events based on past data or translating text from one language to another, then you need a different type of machine learning algorithm called “vector”.	scalar	Explain scalar (machine learning) using an analogy.
A scalar is a quantity that has magnitude (size) but no direction. For example, the number 4 is a scalar.	scalar	Explain scalar (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a carpenter. You can make a small table or a large one, depending on the amount of material and time you have. In the same way, when we want to predict something using machine learning, we need to choose how much data to use in order to learn from it. The more data we have, the better our predictions will be.	scaling	Explain scaling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Scaling is a technique often used in machine learning, where the performance of a model can be improved by increasing the size of the data set on which it is trained. This is analogous to how athletes can improve their performance by training with increasingly heavier weights.	scaling	Explain scaling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Scaling is the process of making a machine learning algorithm faster and/or more accurate by increasing its processing power (speed) or memory. In many cases, this can be done by altering the size of the data set used to train the algorithm.	scaling	Explain scaling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Scaling is like making a cake. You need to use the same recipe, but you can make a small cake or a large cake by using different size pans. The same is true for machine learning algorithms - you can use the same algorithm, but change the size of your data set (the number of observations and features) to get different results.	scaling	Explain scaling (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for machine learning scaling is to think of it as the process of making a recipe more or less spicy. If you are cooking for one, a pinch of cayenne pepper is all you need. But if you are cooking for a hundred people, you’ll need much more than that. The same principle applies to machine learning algorithms: the bigger the dataset, the more powerful the algorithm needs to be in order to achieve good performance.	scaling	Explain scaling (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of scikit-learn as a library, it would be like a huge encyclopedia with articles on every possible topic. If you need to learn about a new subject, you can open up the encyclopedia to find an article on that subject and read up on what you need to know.In the same way, if you want to use machine learning in your projects, scikit-learn provides all the information (and code!) you need to get started. You can use it to learn about different machine learning algorithms, how they work, and how they can be applied to your data.	scikit-learn	Explain scikit-learn (machine learning) using an analogy.
Scikit-learn is like a teacher. It helps you learn how to do things on your own.	scikit-learn	Explain scikit-learn (machine learning) using an analogy.
Scikit-learn is like a set of training wheels for your bike. It's a tool that makes it easier to learn how to do machine learning.	scikit-learn	Explain scikit-learn (machine learning) using an analogy.
Scikit-learn is like a fitness instructor. It helps you get in shape by providing you with exercises and instructions on how to do them. The exercises are tailored to your individual needs, so you can get the most out of each workout. In the same way, scikit-learn provides algorithms that are customized for your data.	scikit-learn	Explain scikit-learn (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like being a detective. You are given some data and you have to find the pattern in it. Once you find the pattern, you can use that information to make predictions about future events.	scikit-learn	Explain scikit-learn (machine learning) using an analogy.
In a game of cricket, the batting team scores runs by hitting the ball and running between two designated points (the wickets). The fielding side tries to stop them by catching the ball and throwing it back to a player at one of the wickets. If someone from the batting team is out (caught or run out), their innings ends and they are replaced by another batsman.In machine learning, we score an example by giving it a value on a scale. For example, if we're trying to learn whether tweets contain positive or negative sentiment, we might give a tweet with a positive sentiment score of +5 and a tweet with a negative sentiment score of -3. We can then use these scored examples to train our machine learning model.	scoring	Explain scoring (machine learning) using an analogy.
Scoring is like predicting the outcome of a football game. You might have a lot of data on how each team has played in the past, information on the weather and where the game is being played, and other factors that could influence the game. With all this data, you can create a model that will predict who is going to win the game. Once the model has been created, it can be used to score new games – just like predicting whether or not someone is going to buy something after viewing an online ad.	scoring	Explain scoring (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, a score is like a grade. A high score means you performed well on the task and a low score means you did not perform as well.	scoring	Explain scoring (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you score for a test, the teacher is trying to find out how well you know the material. They aren't just looking at whether or not you got the questions correct, but they are also looking at how difficult the questions were and how much time you took to answer them. This way, they can give you a grade that reflects your understanding of the material.Scoring in machine learning is similar- we are not just interested in whether or not an algorithm gets things right, but we want to know how confident it is in its answers and how hard the questions were. We use this information to determine how well an algorithm has learned from data.	scoring	Explain scoring (machine learning) using an analogy.
In football, the goal is to score more points than your opponent. In machine learning, the goal is also to score more points than your opponent, but instead of touchdowns, you want to achieve a higher accuracy rate on your predictions.	scoring	Explain scoring (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are only looking at a small part of the data, you are not getting a full picture and may be selecting for something that isn’t really there. For example, if you were trying to find good apples in a grocery store, but only looked in the produce section near the front of the store, you would be missing all of the apples hidden in the back. This is like selection bias in machine learning - if your algorithm is only trained on a subset of the data, it may not be able to generalize well to new data.	selection bias	Explain selection bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of selection bias is as a filter that screens out some kinds of information. For example, if you are only looking at job applicants who have college degrees, then you are likely excluding people who do not have college degrees, but who might be good candidates for the job. This is called selection bias because you are selecting (or choosing) which candidates to consider based on one particular criterion (in this case, having a college degree).	selection bias	Explain selection bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
A filter on a car engine that only allows fuel to flow through it when the engine is turned on is an example of a selection bias. The filter only lets certain things pass through it, and this will affect how the engine performs. In the same way, selection bias in machine learning occurs when some data is chosen to be used for training a model, while other data is not. This can distort the results of the machine learning algorithm and lead to inaccurate predictions.	selection bias	Explain selection bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are using a machine learning algorithm to predict whether someone will like a movie, that algorithm is biased if it only considers films that have been popular in the past. This is because people who like those popular films are more likely to be similar to each other than the general population. So, the machine learning algorithm would be better off considering not just how popular a film has been in the past, but also how well it has been reviewed by critics and audiences.	selection bias	Explain selection bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
One possible analogy for selection bias in machine learning is to think of it as a biased coin. Suppose you have a coin that you believe to be fair, but when you flip it, it always comes up heads. This would be an example of selection bias – the coin has been "selected" to come up heads more often than not. In machine learning, selection bias can refer to any number of factors that might lead a model to perform better on some data sets than others. For example, if most of the data set is from recent years, and the model is trained using data from only those years, then the model may be biased towards current trends.	selection bias	Explain selection bias (machine learning) using an analogy.
It can be thought of as a kind of “self-awareness” for the network. The self-attention layer is responsible for looking at each input vector and identifying which parts are most important, in order to better understand the data.	self-attention (also called self-attention layer)	Explain self-attention (also called self-attention layer) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Self-attention is a machine learning technique used to improve the performance of certain neural networks. It can be thought of as a way of giving each individual neuron its own input, allowing it to better learn and remember information. This analogy might help: imagine you are trying to learn all about a new city. If you only had one source of information – such as a single book on the city – it would be very difficult to learn everything you need to know. However, if you also talked to people who live in the city, listened to podcasts about it, and looked at photos online, you would have a much better understanding of the place. In the same way, self-attention allows neurons in a neural network to access multiple sources of information simultaneously, improving their ability to learn and remember complex patterns.	self-attention (also called self-attention layer)	Explain self-attention (also called self-attention layer) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The self-attention layer is a bit like the human brain. It takes all of the information that is input into the network, and then it processes that information to figure out what is most important. It does this by paying attention to itself - by looking at how each piece of information affects all of the other pieces of information. This helps to ensure that the network can learn complex patterns and relationships between different data points.	self-attention (also called self-attention layer)	Explain self-attention (also called self-attention layer) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The self-attention layer is a bit like the focus of a camera lens. It allows you to adjust the focus on different parts of the image, in order to see it more clearly. In machine learning, the self-attention layer helps you to pay attention to specific parts of your data, in order to learn from it more effectively.	self-attention (also called self-attention layer)	Explain self-attention (also called self-attention layer) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The self-attention layer is analogous to how our own attention works. Our brain is constantly receiving input from our senses, and it must pay attention to some things while ignoring others. The self-attention layer helps a machine learning algorithm focus on specific parts of the data it's analyzing so that it can learn from them.	self-attention (also called self-attention layer)	Explain self-attention (also called self-attention layer) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Self-supervised learning is similar to how humans learn from experience. For example, a baby may see a cat for the first time and learn what a cat looks like by observation. The baby is not given any specific instructions on what a cat is, but through experience (observation), the baby learns about cats. Machine learning algorithms also can learn from experience, without any prior knowledge or hand-crafted rules provided by human experts.	self-supervised learning	Explain self-supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Self-supervised learning is a bit like being given a set of flashcards and then being asked to learn the material without any help. You have to be very careful and make sure you understand all the concepts before moving on.	self-supervised learning	Explain self-supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Self-supervised learning could be thought of as a toddler that is constantly learning from its environment, with no formal instruction required. The toddler observes the people and things around them, and through trial and error begins to learn how the world works. In the same way, self-supervised machine learning algorithms use data to learn about themselves and their surroundings. This can include extracting features from data, detecting patterns, or estimating probabilities.	self-supervised learning	Explain self-supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Self-supervised learning is similar to how humans learn. For example, a baby learns to walk by exploring its environment and trying new things. The baby doesn't need someone else to teach it how to walk; it can figure it out on its own. Similarly, machine learning algorithms can learn how to do tasks by observing data and experimenting on their own.	self-supervised learning	Explain self-supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Self-supervised learning can be best explained using the example of learning to ride a bike. A child learns to ride a bike by practicing and getting feedback on their own performance (self-supervision). There is no one telling them how to do it or what they are doing wrong, they just have to figure it out through trial and error. The same principle applies to machine learning algorithms; they learn by being fed data and figuring out how to perform based on that data.	self-supervised learning	Explain self-supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Self-training is a bit like learning to drive a car. At first, it may be hard to figure out how to make the car move and turn corners. But with time and practice, you'll get better at it. You'll know where the brake pedal is, how to shift gears, and so on. The more you drive, the better you'll become at it - until eventually driving becomes second nature.	self-training	Explain self-training (machine learning) using an analogy.
You can think of self-training as a computer that is able to learn on its own by analyzing data. It starts off knowing nothing, but over time it becomes better and better at understanding the patterns within the data. This is similar to how humans learn; we start off with no knowledge or experience, but eventually we are able to understand new concepts and tasks by observing others and practicing ourselves.	self-training	Explain self-training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Self-training is like teaching a computer how to recognize objects in pictures. At first, the computer doesn’t know anything and just guesses at what it sees in the picture. But as it gets more data (pictures), it can learn to better identify objects.	self-training	Explain self-training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Self-training is like a child learning how to speak. The child hears people speaking and starts to mimic the sounds that they hear. Over time, the child's pronunciation gets better and better as they learn more about the language.	self-training	Explain self-training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Self-training is a bit like teaching yourself to play the guitar. You start by learning some basic chords and then practice them over and over again. As you get better, you add more complicated chords and melodies. Eventually, you can play all sorts of songs without any help from anyone else.	self-training	Explain self-training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Assume you are a new hire at a company and the boss has given you some training on how to do your job, but also expects you to learn on your own by observing other employees. This is similar to semi-supervised learning where the system is given some training data (similar to your boss giving you training) as well as data it needs to learn from itself (observing other employees).	semi-supervised learning	Explain semi-supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for semi-supervised learning is that it is like a person who has been studying English for many years, but only in class with a teacher. The person knows all the grammar rules and vocabulary, but still needs practice speaking English with other people to improve fluency. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm can be trained on lots of data (the classroom), but still needs more data (practice conversations) to improve its accuracy.	semi-supervised learning	Explain semi-supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Semi-supervised learning is like a teacher who has a few pictures of her students, but doesn't know their names. She uses the pictures to help her learn the students' names.	semi-supervised learning	Explain semi-supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A doctor is trying to determine whether a patient has cancer. She has some data on the patient's symptoms, and she also has samples of tissue from patients who have been diagnosed with cancer. The doctor can use supervised learning to train a computer program to recognize cancerous tissue based on the symptons data. However, this approach will only work if there is enough data on cancerous tissue samples to properly train the computer program. If there are not enough data points, then the doctor might try semi-supervised learning. This approach would involve training the computer program using both symptom data and tissue sample data. The program would be allowed to learn from examples where the diagnosis is known (the supervised learning phase), but it would also be allowed to figure out patterns in the data that could lead to an accurate diagnosis even when the diagnosis isn't known (the unsupervised learning phase).	semi-supervised learning	Explain semi-supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a farmer. You plant a field of corn, and then spend the summer weeding and watering it. Once the corn is ripe, you harvest it. Now imagine that you could also plant a few rows of soybeans next to the cornfield. The soybeans would benefit from being watered and weeded along with the corn, but they would also produce more beans if you left them alone most of the time, only coming by to weed or water when necessary. This is semi-supervised learning – providing some guidance (the “supervision”), while also allowing some room for error (the “semi-supervision”).	semi-supervised learning	Explain semi-supervised learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
It is like a person's fingerprints. They are unique to that person and cannot be replicated.	sensitive attribute	Explain sensitive attribute (machine learning) using an analogy.
The example of a “sensitive attribute” would be similar to someone having knowledge about your personal bank account balance. If this information was made public, it could cause severe damage or distress because it reveals a lot about your financial status and vulnerability. In the same way, certain pieces of data in machine learning can be very revealing and sensitive – like credit score or social security number – and so they need to be protected carefully.	sensitive attribute	Explain sensitive attribute (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sensitive attributes are like a person's Social Security number. They are personal identifiers that should not be shared with others. Sensitive attributes can help to identify a person, and as such they need to be protected from unauthorized access.	sensitive attribute	Explain sensitive attribute (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sensitive attribute is like a person's Social Security number. It is something that should be kept private and not shared with just anyone.	sensitive attribute	Explain sensitive attribute (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sensitive attribute is a bit like your personal email address. You may not want just anyone to know it, and you may even go as far as to keep it hidden from view. The same can be said for sensitive attributes in machine learning: they are important pieces of information that we do not want others to see or access. By keeping these attributes confidential, we can help ensure the privacy and security of our data.	sensitive attribute	Explain sensitive attribute (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sentiment analysis is a bit like understanding how the news affects people's moods. Just as we can read and understand articles to get a sense for how people are feeling, computers can do the same with social media posts. By analyzing patterns in language (e.g., positive or negative words), computers can identify whether a post is generally happy, sad, angry, etc.	sentiment analysis	Explain sentiment analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sentiment analysis (machine learning) is like a human reading an email and deciding if the sender is happy, sad, angry, or neutral about the topic. The computer program looks at all of the words in a sentence and decides how positive or negative the sentiment is.	sentiment analysis	Explain sentiment analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sentiment analysis is similar to a spam filter. It is used to detect positive or negative sentiment in text, and then classify the text accordingly. This can be useful for things like customer service, where you might want to know if people are angry about something so that you can address the problem.	sentiment analysis	Explain sentiment analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sentiment analysis is a machine learning technique used to determine the attitude of a writer towards a particular topic. It does this by analyzing the words used in the text and looking for positive or negative sentiment indicators. An analogy would be to think of sentiment analysis as being like a mood ring that changes color depending on how the person wearing it is feeling.	sentiment analysis	Explain sentiment analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sentiment analysis is a machine learning technique that allows computers to understand the tone of a text. Just as humans can read the emotions in someone's voice, sentiment analysis allows machines to do the same with text. This technology is used by companies to understand how people are feeling about their products and services. For example, if a company wanted to know whether people were happy with a new product release, they could use sentiment analysis to find out what people are saying about it on social media.	sentiment analysis	Explain sentiment analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sequence model is like a recipe. It tells you what ingredients to put in, and how to cook them.	sequence model	Explain sequence model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sequence model is like a recipe. The ingredients and the steps are listed in order, so that someone can follow the instructions and make the dish. A machine learning algorithm uses a sequence model to learn how to predict the next value in a sequence, based on previous values.	sequence model	Explain sequence model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sequence model is like a set of instructions for completing a task. The instructions might be written in text or they might be a series of steps that are followed automatically by a machine.	sequence model	Explain sequence model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sequence model is similar to a recipe. You are given all the ingredients and then you follow the instructions to make something. A computer program can be written using a sequence model so that it "learns" how to do something by following a set of specific instructions.	sequence model	Explain sequence model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sequence model is a bit like learning to speak a new language. At first, you are only able to string together a few words, but with practice and time, you can build more complex sentences until eventually you can hold a conversation.	sequence model	Explain sequence model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sequence-to-sequence is a machine learning task that can be thought of as teaching a computer how to read. The computer is given a series of sentences, one at a time, and it is then asked to generate the next sentence in the sequence. This can be useful for tasks likeautomatic translation or dialogue systems.	sequence-to-sequence task	Explain sequence-to-sequence task (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sequence-to sequence task is like learning a foreign language. It involves understanding the order of words in a sentence and their meanings.	sequence-to-sequence task	Explain sequence-to-sequence task (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sequence-to-sequence task is akin to being given a series of instructions for making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, and then being asked to make one without looking at the instructions. The machine learning algorithm must learn how to convert input sequences (e.g., a list of ingredients) into the desired output sequence (a completed peanut butter and jelly sandwich).	sequence-to-sequence task	Explain sequence-to-sequence task (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sequence-to-sequence task (machine learning) is like translating a foreign language. The computer is given a sentence in one language, and it needs to produce a translation in another language.	sequence-to-sequence task	Explain sequence-to-sequence task (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sequence-to-sequence learning is like teaching a child to read. We show the child individual letters and then strings of letters, eventually building up to full words. In sequence-to-sequence learning, we similarly show an AI system individual units of data (e.g., images), and then gradually increase the complexity of those units until they form complete sequences (e.g., entire videos).	sequence-to-sequence task	Explain sequence-to-sequence task (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you go to a restaurant, the waiter or waitress takes your order and brings you food. In machine learning, the "server" is a computer program that takes in data (your order) and outputs predictions (food).	serving	Explain serving (machine learning) using an analogy.
Serving (machine learning) is like a waiter in a restaurant. The waiter takes orders from customers and then delivers the food to their table. In the same way, serving (machine learning) takes training data from workers (the customers) and then delivers predictions or results back to them.	serving	Explain serving (machine learning) using an analogy.
Serving (machine learning) is like a waiter in a restaurant. The waiter takes orders from customers and delivers food to their tables. In the same way, serving (machine learning) takes data requests from clients and delivers the data they need.	serving	Explain serving (machine learning) using an analogy.
Serving is similar to delivering food to people in a restaurant. The machine learning algorithm is like the cook, and the data is like the ingredients. The server (the computer) delivers the results of the cooking process to the customer (the person who requested it).	serving	Explain serving (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of serving (machine learning) is as follows: Serving helps a machine learn which actions it should take in order to get closer and closer to the desired outcome. This analogy might help: Suppose you are playing tennis, and you want to hit the ball over the net. In order for you to do this, you need to take certain steps (like swinging your racket). If your aim is off and the ball ends up hitting the ground instead of going over the net, then you need to adjust your swing so that next time, you are more likely to achieve your goal. Serving in machine learning works in a similar way: The machine takes a guess at what action it should take in order for it come closer to achieving its goal (in our tennis example, getting the ball over the net), and then adjusts its actions based on how close or far away from the goal it actually ended up being.	serving	Explain serving (machine learning) using an analogy.
Think of a tensor as a three-dimensional block. Just as you can stack blocks in different ways to create different shapes, you can stack tensors in different ways to create different shapes.	shape (tensor)	Explain shape (tensor) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A tensor is a bit like a rubber band. It has a certain shape when it is stretched out, and it will keep that same shape even if you stretch or squash it.	shape (tensor)	Explain shape (tensor) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A tensor is often thought of as a 3-dimensional container. Just like you can imagine a square with height, width, and depth, you can also imagine a tensor with rank (number of dimensions), shape (contents), and type (data type).	shape (tensor)	Explain shape (tensor) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Shape is a tensor because it has different dimensions (length, width, height) that can be manipulated and changed. To think of it in terms of an analogy, shape would be like a stack of pancakes - each one has its own unique dimension (thickness), but they can all be stacked on top of each other to create a taller pancake stack.	shape (tensor)	Explain shape (tensor) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A shape (tensor) is like a cookie cutter. It's a template that can be used to create cookies in different shapes.	shape (tensor)	Explain shape (tensor) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sigmoid function is like a squished-down S shape. It starts out really steep, but then flattens out as it goes higher. This makes it good for representing things that change gradually over time, like how well someone is doing at learning a new skill.	sigmoid function	Explain sigmoid function (machine learning) using an analogy.
The sigmoid function is a mathematical function that is used in machine learning. It can be thought of as a curved line that goes from 0 to 1. It is often used to model the probability that something will happen.	sigmoid function	Explain sigmoid function (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are riding a bike, the handlebar is like the sigmoid function. The further down you push on the handlebar, the more resistance there is against turning the wheel. This corresponds to a higher slope of the sigmoid curve (more resistance). If you let go of the bar, it returns to its original position, which would correspond to a lower slope on the curve (less resistance).	sigmoid function	Explain sigmoid function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sigmoid function is similar to a squished snake. It starts off skinny at the beginning, but gets fatter and fatter as it goes along. This eventual fullness represents the "saturation" point of the function.	sigmoid function	Explain sigmoid function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sigmoid function is a mathematical curve that looks like the letter S. It starts out steep and then levels off. This type of curve is often used in machine learning to model how certain things, such as probabilities, will change over time.	sigmoid function	Explain sigmoid function (machine learning) using an analogy.
Similarity measure occurs when two different objects have some common features. The similarity between the two objects can be measured by how close the objects are in terms of their features. Similarity measure is used in machine learning to group similar items together so that they can be processed more efficiently.	similarity measure	Explain similarity measure (machine learning) using an analogy.
Similarity measure is like a scale of measurement. For example, weight can be measured in pounds or kilograms. The unit of measurement doesn't change the value of the weight, just how it's expressed. similarity measure works in a similar way- it provides a way to compare and contrast data points without altering their actual values.	similarity measure	Explain similarity measure (machine learning) using an analogy.
The similarity measure is like a ruler. It measures the distance between two points.	similarity measure	Explain similarity measure (machine learning) using an analogy.
Similarity measures are a way of quantifying how similar two objects are. You can think of it as measuring the distance between two points. The smaller the distance, the more similar the objects are.	similarity measure	Explain similarity measure (machine learning) using an analogy.
Similarity measure is the process of measuring how similar one object is to another. One way to think about it is by analogy to human beings. If you meet someone for the first time, you might not be able to tell them apart from anyone else. But as you get to know them better, you begin to notice differences in their features and mannerisms that make them unique individuals. In the same way, similarity measures can help computers learn how to differentiate between objects based on specific characteristics.	similarity measure	Explain similarity measure (machine learning) using an analogy.
The size of a machine learning algorithm is irrelevant. Whether the algorithm is implemented in software, or etched into silicon, its performance will be largely the same.	size invariance	Explain size invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm is size invariant if it can be applied equally well to data of any size. This analogy might help make this concept more clear: imagine you are a cook preparing food for a large party. You need to make sure that the food you prepare is the same regardless of how many people will be eating it. In order to do this, you would use a machine learning algorithm that is size invariant.	size invariance	Explain size invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
An example of size invariance is when you are looking for your keys, and even though they may be in different places depending on the day, your keychain is always with you. The same concept applies to machine learning; the algorithms are not affected by the size of the data set.	size invariance	Explain size invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for size invariance in machine learning is that of a scale. Just as a scale measures an object's weight regardless of its size, so too a machine learning algorithm can measure an object's features (e.g. shape, color) regardless of its size. This is important because it means that the same algorithm can be used to learn about objects of different sizes, which may be useful when trying to identify objects in images or videos taken at different scales.	size invariance	Explain size invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning algorithms are said to be size invariant if the algorithm’s performance is unaffected by the input data's size. In other words, a machine learning algorithm that is size invariant will produce the same result no matter how much or how little data is used as input. This analogy might help explain why this property is desirable: imagine you are baking a cake and need to measure out 1/3 of a cup of sugar. If you only have 2 tablespoons of sugar on hand, you can either reduce the amount of all other ingredients in your recipe or try to find another recipe that uses less sugar. Either way, reducing the size of your input data will still result in a cake - just not one as sweet as it could have been!	size invariance	Explain size invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning can be thought of as a way of teaching a computer to recognize certain patterns in data. This is done by feeding the computer a lot of information and then having it "sketch" its own conclusions about the patterns it has seen. The computer can then use these sketches to predict how new data will look, without needing humans to provide specific instructions.	sketching	Explain sketching (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sketching is like taking a picture of something. You can use sketches to help you remember what something looks like, or to communicate with other people what it looks like. Sketches are also used in machine learning to create models of things.	sketching	Explain sketching (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you first learn how to drive a car, you need someone sitting next to you to help guide the way. This is like using manual feature engineering in machine learning. As you get more comfortable driving, you may no longer need someone sitting next to you - this is like using automatic feature engineering in machine learning. Sketching is like learning to drive without any help from anyone - it's a way of automatically creating features that can be used in machine learning models.	sketching	Explain sketching (machine learning) using an analogy.
Just as a draftsman uses sketches to help plan and design buildings, machines use sketches (or algorithms) to understand data. Machine learning algorithms are like quick and dirty drawings that can be drawn by hand without needing the level of precision required for the final product.	sketching	Explain sketching (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a teacher. The teacher observes how students are doing and provides feedback that helps them learn the material. Machine learning does the same thing with data: it observes how data is behaving and provides feedback to help it learn.	sketching	Explain sketching (machine learning) using an analogy.
A softmax function is like a teacher grading tests. The teacher wants to give each student the best score possible, but also wants to make sure that no one gets a perfect score. So the teacher gives each student a score between 0 and 100, and makes sure that the total sum of all the scores is 100.	softmax	Explain softmax (machine learning) using an analogy.
A softmax layer is a type of neural network layer used in machine learning. It is similar to a normalMax pooling, except that it outputs a vector rather than a scalar. The vector represents the probability for each class that the input belongs to.	softmax	Explain softmax (machine learning) using an analogy.
An example of a softmax function is the cross-entropy error metric in machine learning. In general, the softmax function takes a vector of N real values and outputs a vector of N+1 values, with each value in the outputvector being proportional to the probability that the corresponding element in the input vector is correct.	softmax	Explain softmax (machine learning) using an analogy.
A softmax function turns a vector of arbitrary real values into a normalized vector of probabilities, typically between 0 and 1. The sum of the products of each value in the vector by its corresponding probability is 1. It is often used in machine learning to calculate the likelihood that a given input represents one of a set of possible outputs.An analogy would be if you had 10 people who could vote for president and there were 4 candidates. The softmax function would turn the list of votes (e.g. 5 for Trump, 3 for Clinton, etc.) into percentages (e.g. 55% for Trump, 33% for Clinton, etc.). This way it's easy to see who is most likely to win based on the votes cast.	softmax	Explain softmax (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are at a party and there are 100 people in attendance. You have the opportunity to speak with 10 of them. You want to choose the 10 people who you think would be most interested in hearing about your product or service. A softmax algorithm would help you do this by rating each person based on their likelihood of being interested, and then choosing the top 10 rated individuals.	softmax	Explain softmax (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sparse feature representation is a technique used in machine learning for representing data as a collection of features that are either present or absent. This is done by creating a binary vector, where each element corresponds to a feature and is set to 1 if the feature exists and 0 if it does not.	sparse feature	Explain sparse feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sparse feature is like having a very small number of friends in comparison to the general population. Your friends are likely to be people who share your interests and who you interact with frequently. In contrast, having a large number of friends would be like having many acquaintances who you do not know well and with whom you have little interaction.	sparse feature	Explain sparse feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sparse feature is a feature that has a low value relative to the number of samples in the training set. Sparse features are often ignored by machine-learning algorithms, because they are not very useful for predicting the target variable.	sparse feature	Explain sparse feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sparse features are like the holes in Swiss cheese. They are important for understanding the structure of the data, but they are also rare. In machine learning, this means that you can ignore most of the data and still learn something useful from it.	sparse feature	Explain sparse feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Think about hair on your head. Not everyone has the same amount of hair. Some people have a lot of hair, while others have very little. If you tried to measure how much hair someone had by counting every single strand, it would be a very time consuming and inaccurate process. However, if you looked at someone's head and guessed that they had around 100 hairs, you would be pretty close to the actual number. This is because not all hairs are visible at once.In the same way, some features in data (like the number of hairs on someone's head) are more important than others (like whether or not they are wearing a hat). In machine learning, we call these important features 'sparse' because they occur less frequently than other features in the data set.	sparse feature	Explain sparse feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sparse representation is like when you go to the store and only buy a few items even though you have a shopping cart full of stuff. The items you bought are still there, but they are not taking up as much space as all the other stuff in your cart.	sparse representation	Explain sparse representation (machine learning) using an analogy.
In sparse representation, a machine learning algorithm encodes a high-dimensional input vector into a much smaller number of basis vectors. This is done by identifying which inputs are most important for predicting the target output and then only encoding these inputs into the basis vectors. In this way, the sparseness of the data is exploited to improve performance.An analogy for sparse representation would be to imagine that you are trying to learn about someone's personality from their Facebook posts. You could identify which words are most associated with different personality traits (e.g., happy, angry, sad) and then only encode these words into your basis vectors. This would result in a compressed description of someone's personality that was still able to accurately predict their moods based on their Facebook posts.	sparse representation	Explain sparse representation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sparse representation is a machine learning technique that transforms data into a format which uses less memory. This can be done by removing any repeated values in the dataset and replacing them with a unique identifier.	sparse representation	Explain sparse representation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sparse representation is much like a dictionary. It is a collection of words and their definitions. A word may have multiple definitions, but each definition is associated with just one word. In the same way, a sparse representation is a collection of numbers (the "words") and the corresponding indices into that vector space (the "definitions").	sparse representation	Explain sparse representation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sparse representation is a machine learning technique where the features of an input are represented using only a small number of non-zero values. This can be done by representing each feature as a vector, and then converting the vector into a matrix where most of the cells are zero. The advantage of sparse representation is that it uses less memory than traditional methods, and can also be used to reduce noise in data.	sparse representation	Explain sparse representation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sparse vector is a bit like having a library of books, but only keeping the ones that you think you'll read again. A sparse vector stores just the indexes of the elements in its entirety, rather than storing each element individually.	sparse vector	Explain sparse vector (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sparse vector is like a library where only a few books are borrowed at a time. The library has many more books that are not being used.	sparse vector	Explain sparse vector (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sparse vector is a bit like a library where each book has its own designated shelf. The books are not necessarily neatly arranged in alphabetical order, though. Some shelves might have only one or two copies of a certain book, while others may have ten or more. In this analogy, the "books" represent data points, and "shelves" correspond to positions in memory (or disk space) that can hold these data points.	sparse vector	Explain sparse vector (machine learning) using an analogy.
A sparse vector is a lot like a library card catalog. It's a list of all the books in the library, but it only includes information about the books that are currently checked out.	sparse vector	Explain sparse vector (machine learning) using an analogy.
A tree with many leaves but few branches would be a good analogy for a sparse vector.	sparse vector	Explain sparse vector (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for sparsity is the term "low hanging fruit." This analogy refers to problems or tasks that are easy to solve given a certain level of expertise. For example, a worker who picks apples from a tree may only have to reach up a short distance to pluck an apple from a low-hanging branch. In the same way, machine learning algorithms can find solutions to problems that are easy to solve because there is enough data available.	sparsity	Explain sparsity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sparsity is a property of vectors in mathematics and machine learning. A vector has sparsity if most of its elements are zero. Sparse vectors are important for several reasons: they take up less memory, can be more easily processed, and can be more accurately fitted to data. You can think about sparsity using the example of a closet with limited storage space. Imagine you have just a few items in your closet - a shirt, a pair of pants, and a jacket. These three items take up very little space compared to if you had dozens or even hundreds of items in your closet. Now imagine that you go on vacation and come back with several new outfits - each one takes up as much space as the original three items combined! Your closet is now much more sparse because it has far fewer actual items taking up space.	sparsity	Explain sparsity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning with sparsity is like trying to learn a new language by only hearing it spoken in brief snippets. In this analogy, the "language" is the machine learning model, and each snippet of audio represents an example of the language being spoken. By only hearing the language spoken in brief snippets, you'll have a difficult time understanding it as a whole. However, if you hear the same sentence or phrase repeated multiple times, you'll be more likely to understand it. The same principle applies to machine learning models: If you only have a few examples of data to train your model on, your model will be less accurate than if you had more examples. However, if you repeat the same training dataset multiple times (i.e., split your data into multiple folds), your model will become more accurate because it will have more opportunities to learn from the data.	sparsity	Explain sparsity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Sparsity is like when you go to the store and buy a gallon of milk, but there's only a little bit left in the carton. Machine learning algorithms can be thought of as trying to find that last drop of milk in the container. In other words, they are looking for patterns in data where most of the observations are clustered together. This makes sense because it is usually easier to find patterns when there are less observations spread out over a large space.	sparsity	Explain sparsity (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of sparsity is as a sparsely populated city. In this analogy, the buildings represent vectors or instances, while the streets between the buildings represent features. If most of the city is empty (i.e., has few buildings), then it would be considered sparsely populated. Similarly, if a machine learning dataset has many more features than instances (i.e., there are many more dimensions than data points), it would be considered sparse. This can make training models more challenging, since there are fewer data points to learn from in each dimension	sparsity	Explain sparsity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Spatial pooling is a technique used in machine learning to combine the outputs of multiple neurons into a single value. This can be done by averaging the values or taking the maximum value, depending on the desired outcome.	spatial pooling	Explain spatial pooling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Spatial pooling is a technique used in machine learning, particularly convolutional neural networks, for reducing the size of input data. It works by combining adjacent pixels in an image into a single feature vector. This reduces the number of inputs to the network, which makes it faster and easier to learn features from large datasets.	spatial pooling	Explain spatial pooling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Spatial pooling is a technique used in machine learning for reducing the dimensionality of data. It works by combining features from different points in space into a single feature. This can be done either physically, by combining values from adjacent pixels in an image, or logically, by averaging the values of neighboring features in a vector space.	spatial pooling	Explain spatial pooling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Spatial pooling is much like when you put all of your change together to buy something. The coins are pooled together and counted as a unit. This makes it easier to work with, as well as making the total value larger. In machine learning, spatial pooling combines features or numbers from different parts of an image (or other data set) into one number. This makes the data easier to work with and can improve performance in some cases.	spatial pooling	Explain spatial pooling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Spatial pooling is similar to how our brains work. Our brains take in a lot of information from our environment, and then they group that information together and make assumptions based on what we see. For example, if we see a cat, most people would assume that the cat is furry.	spatial pooling	Explain spatial pooling (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of the hinge loss function as a scoring system for how well your neural network is doing, then squaring the hinge loss means that you are giving extra weight to errors on the boundaries between different classes. This can help to prevent your neural network from learning artificial distinctions between different classes of data.	squared hinge loss	Explain squared hinge loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
A square hinge loss is a measure of how well the predictions of a machine learning algorithm match the actual values. It's similar to a hinge loss, but instead of comparing the predicted value against the actual value, it compares the squared difference between them. This makes it more sensitive to outliers and can help avoid overfitting.	squared hinge loss	Explain squared hinge loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
If someone is trying to learn how to hit a golf ball, and they are given feedback after every swing that their ball went left, then the next time they swing they will try to adjust their swing in order to send the ball right. The aim of this feedback is to help them minimize their squared hinge loss - in other words, get closer and closer to hitting the ball perfectly straight.	squared hinge loss	Explain squared hinge loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you imagine a hinge as a door, the squared hinge loss would be like slamming that door shut really hard - twice. The first time you slam the door, it moves closer to the frame. But then if you do it again, even harder, the door actually moves away from the frame. That's what squared hinge loss does in machine learning - every time it "slams" the decision boundary (the line separating good predictions from bad ones), it makes things worse instead of better.	squared hinge loss	Explain squared hinge loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Squared hinge loss is a measure of how much the predicted values differ from the actual values. It's similar to the mean squared error, but it takes into account the difference in magnitude between each prediction and the actual value. This makes it more sensitive to large errors than the mean squared error.	squared hinge loss	Explain squared hinge loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Squared loss is a measure of how far off a prediction made by a machine learning algorithm is from the actual value. It's basically just taking the difference between the prediction and the actual value, squaring it, and then summing it up over all of the examples.	squared loss	Explain squared loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Loss is a measure of how far off our predictions are from the actual values. Squared loss takes into account the magnitude of the error, as well as whether it's positive or negative. This makes it especially useful for situations where we're trying to minimize errors (like in machine learning).	squared loss	Explain squared loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Squared loss is a measure of how far off a machine learning prediction is from the actual value. It's like taking the distance between where you thought something would be and where it actually is, then squaring that number to make it bigger.	squared loss	Explain squared loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Squared loss is a measure of how much error there is in a machine learning prediction. It's calculated by taking the difference between the predicted value and the actual value, squaring it, and then summing all of these values together. This gives you a total measure of how far off your predictions were from the actual values.	squared loss	Explain squared loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
 squared loss is a bit like being in a maze. you know you want to get to the exit, and you have some clues about where it might be, but every time you take a wrong turn, it makes your journey longer and harder. if you're lost in the maze and trying to find your way out, then each 'wrong' turn will cause your 'squared loss' (a measure of how far away from the exit you are) to increase.	squared loss	Explain squared loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Staged training is a bit like getting in shape for a marathon. You wouldn't just go out and run 26 miles the first time you tried, right? You would start with smaller distances and gradually increase your distance as you get stronger. The same is true for staged training: you start by teaching the computer to learn some basic skills, and then gradually increase the difficulty of the tasks you ask it to complete.	staged training	Explain staged training (machine learning) using an analogy.
 think of your brain as a computer. when you first learn something, like how to ride a bike, it takes a lot of practice and effort. but over time, the skill becomes "programmed" into your brain, and you can do it without thinking about it. that's what staged training is like for machines - they learn by doing things over and over again until the task is automatic.	staged training	Explain staged training (machine learning) using an analogy.
A staged machine learning algorithm is like a person who is learning to drive a car. The first time they get in the car, they are just learning what all the buttons and knobs do. They may not even be able to start the engine. The second time they get in the car, they might know how to turn on the engine, but still can't steer or brake. The third time they get in the car, maybe they can steer and brake, but still don't know how to change gears. Finally, after many more times driving, the person knows how to do everything with the car except for fix it if it breaks down.	staged training	Explain staged training (machine learning) using an analogy.
A staged machine learning algorithm is like a professional soccer player. The athlete starts by practicing basic skills, such as dribbling and shooting. As the player becomes more skilled, they advance to more complicated drills and eventually play in games.	staged training	Explain staged training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Staged training is like a recipe. You need to have all the ingredients in order to make something delicious. The same goes for staged training: you need to have all your data set up and ready before you can start training your model.	staged training	Explain staged training (machine learning) using an analogy.
State is a lot like driving in a car. You're constantly paying attention to what's happening around you and making decisions based on that information. Sometimes you might be stopped at a red light, other times you might be speeding down the highway. But regardless of what state your car is in, you're always monitoring the surroundings and adjusting your behavior accordingly.	state	Explain state (machine learning) using an analogy.
A state machine learning algorithm is like a teacher. It observes how you are doing and then provides feedback to help you improve.	state	Explain state (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you're a traveler visiting a new city. You've never been to this city before, so you don't know what to expect. The best way for you to explore the city is by asking locals for advice. Some of the locals may be more helpful than others, but they'll all be able to give you some useful tips about where to go and what to see in the city.This is similar to how state works in machine learning: it's a tool that allows machines to learn from experience and understand complex problems. State takes into account all of the information that's available (the "training data"), and then uses it to make predictions about future events.	state	Explain state (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you imagine learning as a journey, then the state of machine learning is like being in the middle of that journey. You've already started learning and have some idea of what you're doing, but there's still more to learn ahead.	state	Explain state (machine learning) using an analogy.
State is like the current location of a person on a map. It's constantly updated with new information (the person's movements) as it becomes available.	state	Explain state (machine learning) using an analogy.
State-action value function is similar to the evaluation of a basketball player. It looks at the present state of the game and how good or bad each possible action will be in order to get to the next state.	state-action value function	Explain state-action value function (machine learning) using an analogy.
The state-action value function is a bit like the batting average in baseball. It tells you how successful a particular action will be, on average, based on the current state of the game.	state-action value function	Explain state-action value function (machine learning) using an analogy.
In reinforcement learning, the state-action value function (SVF) is a function that maps states to the expected discounted future reward of taking a particular action in that state. It encodes all we know about how good or bad different actions are in each possible state. To visualize it, imagine you're at a casino and trying to make the most money possible. The SVF would be like a cheat sheet telling you what the best bets are at any given moment (based on the current state of the game and your own odds).	state-action value function	Explain state-action value function (machine learning) using an analogy.
The state-action value function is like a map that helps you find your way around. It tells you how good or bad different actions are, depending on the current state of the world.	state-action value function	Explain state-action value function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A state-action value function can be thought of as a map that tells you how much pleasure or pain you will experience from taking a certain action in a particular state. It's like having a personal guide to help you navigate your way through life's ups and downs.	state-action value function	Explain state-action value function (machine learning) using an analogy.
A static model is like a map. It can be used to show you how different parts of the world are related, but it can't tell you what will happen in a specific place at a specific time.	static model	Explain static model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A static model in machine learning is like a mold. The mold can be used to create many different items, but the items will all have the same shape and size.	static model	Explain static model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Static models in machine learning are similar to a mold. Just as a mold can be used to create an unlimited number of identical objects, static models use past data to generate predictions for future events. The advantage of using static models is that they can easily identify patterns and trends in large datasets. However, like all machine learning algorithms, static models are only as good as the data they are trained on.	static model	Explain static model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A static model can be thought of as a template or blueprint for a machine. The template is used to create a copy of the machine, which will have all the same properties as the original.	static model	Explain static model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Static models can be thought of as a slide projector. The projector takes pictures (inputs) and projects them onto a screen (the target), where people can see them.	static model	Explain static model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Stationarity is much like predictability in that it refers to whether a given sequence of observations can be forecast using past data. In the context of time series or spatial analysis, stationarity is a property of a process whereby future values are independent of past values within certain bounds.	stationarity	Explain stationarity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Stationarity is a property of time series data whereby the distribution of future values is relatively unaffected by past observations. This can be likened to the constancy of the value of water at a fixed point in space, despite fluctuations in flow and pressure from its surroundings. In other words, stationarity implies that there is no trend or drift in the data over time.	stationarity	Explain stationarity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Stationarity is a bit like constancy. It means that some property of the data stays the same over time. For example, in temperature readings, stationarity would mean that the average temperature remains constant from day to day, month to month, and year to year. In other words, it would be a stable reference point against which fluctuations can be measured. Stationarity is important in machine learning because many algorithms rely on assumptions about stationarity in order to work correctly.	stationarity	Explain stationarity (machine learning) using an analogy.
One can think of a stationary machine as an old fashioned one that doesn’t require any power to keep it going. Once it is turned on, it will continue to produce the same output until it is turned off. This analogy can be applied to machine learning algorithms where the input data and the corresponding outputs are constant over time.	stationarity	Explain stationarity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Stationarity is a bit like the traffic on a highway. It refers to the tendency of a system to remain in a certain state over time. In other words, it's when something remains stable and consistent. This can be helpful for machine learning because it allows models to be trained once and then used repeatedly without having to constantly adapt them.	stationarity	Explain stationarity (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you're a farmer. You plant a field of corn, and then wait to see how it grows. After a while, you notice that some of the plants are taller than others. You might think that the taller plants are healthier, so you decide to harvest them first. This is an example of machine learning: you're using data (the height of the plants) to make a decision about what to do next (harvest the tallest plants).	step	Explain step (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you have a gigantic box of LEGO blocks. You can build anything you want with them. But, it takes time and effort to find the right blocks and put them together in the right order. With machine learning, we are using computers to do that for us. The computer is given a lot of data (the LEGOs), and it is trained how to put them together by finding patterns in the data. Once it has learned those patterns, it can start building things on its own (by predicting what pieces go where).	step	Explain step (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a person being taught how to ride a bike. The person first learns the basics, such as how to balance themselves on the bike. Once they have mastered that, they are then taught more complicated tasks, such as steering and pedaling.	step	Explain step (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for the machine learning step is that of a person being taught to play chess. The person is given instruction on how each piece moves and what their purpose is on the board, as well as a few basic openings to get them started. After playing a number of games, they will start to learn from their own mistakes which pieces to move where in order to achieve certain goals, and they will also start to develop an intuition about how their opponent is likely to move.	step	Explain step (machine learning) using an analogy.
After your computer has been through a machine learning course, it will be able to learn how to do things on its own by analyzing data. It is like if you were to go to school and study math. After studying, you would be able to do complex mathematical equations on your own without needing someone else’s help.	step	Explain step (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning step size is analogous to the stride of a person walking. The step size determines how far the person walks with each step. Similarly, the machine learning step size determines how far the algorithm moves with each iteration.	step size	Explain step size (machine learning) using an analogy.
Step size is the equivalent of how fast you are walking. It determines how much ground you cover with each step, and thus how quickly you reach your destination. In machine learning, it refers to the amount by which the algorithm alters its current estimate in order to improve accuracy.	step size	Explain step size (machine learning) using an analogy.
Step size is the distance between two consecutive points on a learning curve. It is also known as "learning rate" or "gradient descent speed." Think of step size as being how quickly you move when you're hiking down a mountain. The smaller your step size, the slower your progress (but less chance of injuring yourself). The larger your step size, the faster your progress (but more likely to end up in a dangerous situation).	step size	Explain step size (machine learning) using an analogy.
A step size is like the number of stairs in a staircase. It's how many steps you take at one time as you walk up or down.	step size	Explain step size (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are using a step size of 0.5 when walking, then you will take one step every two seconds. The same idea applies to machine learning; the smaller the step size, the more accurate your predictions will be, but it will also require more time for training.	step size	Explain step size (machine learning) using an analogy.
SGD is like walking downstairs. You take a step down at a time, and sometimes you miss a step (get stuck) but eventually you make it to the bottom.	stochastic gradient descent (sgd)	Explain stochastic gradient descent (sgd) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Stochastic gradient descent is a powerful machine learning technique which can be used to optimize the parameters of a model. It works by taking small steps downhill in the direction of the current best estimate, using only a subset of all the training data at each step. This makes it less sensitive to local minima, and enables it to find good solutions even when there are lots of noisy data points.	stochastic gradient descent (sgd)	Explain stochastic gradient descent (sgd) (machine learning) using an analogy.
SGD is like a hiker walking down a hill. At each step, the hiker takes into account their current location and the direction of descent (the gradient) in order to choose their next step. SGD similarly adapts its parameters based on the current error and the direction of decrease in error (the gradient) in order to optimize the model.	stochastic gradient descent (sgd)	Explain stochastic gradient descent (sgd) (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you imagine learning as walking up a hill, SGD is like taking tiny steps up the hill, while randomly selecting which direction to go each time. This makes it easier to reach the top of the hill without tiring yourself out too much.	stochastic gradient descent (sgd)	Explain stochastic gradient descent (sgd) (machine learning) using an analogy.
SGD is like slowly walking downstairs while keeping your balance. You take one step at a time, and adjust your position based on how close you are to falling over.	stochastic gradient descent (sgd)	Explain stochastic gradient descent (sgd) (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of a neural network as a huge staircase, then the steps are the neurons and the strides are how many steps (neurons) each layer in the network will take.	stride	Explain stride (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you walk, you take a step and then put your other foot down. This is similar to how a machine learning algorithm works: it takes one data point, learns from it, and then uses that information to make predictions about the next data point.	stride	Explain stride (machine learning) using an analogy.
In computing, stride is the number of items (usually pixels) by which an image or sequence is stepped along each time it is processed. In digital imaging and video processing, for example, stride refers to the distance between successive samples in a digital signal. Stride can also refer to the size of individual elements in an array or matrix. Stride can be thought of as how much data you move forward when you process an image/sequence. For example, if you have a 2x2 pixel image and you want to increase its size by 4x4, your new image will have strides of 4 (since you are moving 4 pixels at a time).	stride	Explain stride (machine learning) using an analogy.
Stride can be thought of as the number of steps a mathematician takes between points on a curve when graphing it. The smaller the stride, the more accurately the graph will represent the curve. In machine learning, stride is used to determine how much data to use when training a model and how often to update that model’s weights. A small stride means that more data will be used during training, and that the model's weights will be updated more often. This results in a model that is better able to generalize from its training data to new data sets.	stride	Explain stride (machine learning) using an analogy.
A stride is like a step in walking. It's the distance between each step. In machine learning, it's how far you move forward in your data each time you try to find a pattern.	stride	Explain stride (machine learning) using an analogy.
Structural risk minimization (srm) is a machine learning technique used to improve the accuracy of predictions by reducing the impact of irrelevant features. It achieves this by identifying and removing any structural dependencies between input features and the target variable. srm can be used either as an inductive or a deductive technique, depending on whether the training data is used to induce or deduce structure in the problem domain.	structural risk minimization (srm)	Explain structural risk minimization (srm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Structural risk minimization is a machine learning technique used to improve the performance of a predictor by reducing the variance in its predictions. This is achieved by building a model that captures the structure of the data, rather than simply relying on the training data itself. The advantage of this approach is that it can generalize better to new data, resulting in more accurate predictions.	structural risk minimization (srm)	Explain structural risk minimization (srm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
When grocery shopping, we might purchase items that have a long shelf life in order to minimize the risk of having to throw away food. In the same way, we can use structural risk minimization (srm) techniques when learning from data in order to avoid unnecessarily wasting time and energy on models that are likely to be poor predictors of future events.	structural risk minimization (srm)	Explain structural risk minimization (srm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Structural risk minimization (srm) is a technique used in machine learning that helps to improve the accuracy of predictions by reducing the overall variance. It does this by identifying and removing any irrelevant features from the data set, as well as by using a more sophisticated modeling algorithm. This allows for a better prediction of future events based on past data.	structural risk minimization (srm)	Explain structural risk minimization (srm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Structural risk minimization is a machine learning technique that is used to reduce the overall error rate of a classifier. It does this by building a model that is as complex as possible while still remaining within a certain margin of error. This technique can be thought of as an extension of the principle of Occam’s razor, which states that simpler explanations are generally better than more complex ones.	structural risk minimization (srm)	Explain structural risk minimization (srm) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Subsampling is a technique used in machine learning to improve performance and reduce computation time. It works by identifying a smaller set of data on which to base future predictions. This reduced set is called a "subset" or "sample." The advantage of subsampling is that it allows models to be trained more quickly and with less data.	subsampling	Explain subsampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Subsampling is a technique used in machine learning that helps reduce the size of training datasets. It works by randomly selecting a smaller number of instances from the full dataset and using them to train the model. This process is then repeated for each layer of the neural network. By doing this, the algorithm can learn representations of data at a lower resolution, which can improve performance on difficult problems.	subsampling	Explain subsampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Subsampling is a technique used in machine learning for reducing the size of training datasets. It works by randomly selecting a subset of the data to be used for training, and then using that subset to train the model. This process is repeated multiple times, with different subsets of the data being selected each time, until the entire dataset has been used. The advantage of subsampling is that it can speed up training time by reducing the number of samples that need to be processed.	subsampling	Explain subsampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
One approach to machine learning is subsampling, which works by selecting a representative group of data points from the full set for training and inference. For example, you might choose a random sample of customers from your customer database in order to train a new marketing algorithm. This technique can be helpful for reducing the amount of data that needs to be processed, as well as improving the accuracy of predictions.	subsampling	Explain subsampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
A doctor may order a blood test for cholesterol levels. She may sample the population by choosing every tenth person to have their cholesterol checked. This is subsampling because she is sampling only a portion of the population, and specifically choosing which members of the population will be sampled. In machine learning, subsampling is often used to reduce the size of a data set so that it can be more easily handled or processed.	subsampling	Explain subsampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Supervised machine learning is like teaching a robot how to perform a task. You provide the robot with examples of what you want it to do, and then it uses those examples to learn how to do the task itself.	supervised machine learning	Explain supervised machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Supervised learning is like having a teacher who stands in front of the class and tells you what to do. The teacher knows all the answers, and can help guide you through the material until you understand it. With supervised learning, your computer gets similar guidance: it’s shown examples of desired outcomes (labeled “correct”) and is then taught how to match them.	supervised machine learning	Explain supervised machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Supervised machine learning is like having a teacher. The teacher knows what the student should learn and helps them along the way. With supervised machine learning, the computer is given feedback on how well it is doing at predicting something (such as whether an email is spam or not) and can adjust its predictions accordingly.	supervised machine learning	Explain supervised machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Most people know how to drive a car. You get in, put your foot on the brake, and press the gas. The car knows what to do. It's been trained by someone else before you got behind the wheel. Machine learning is like that. A computer is given data (the person driving), and it "learns" from that data how to do something (drive a car).	supervised machine learning	Explain supervised machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A supervised machine learning algorithm is like a teacher. It observes how students are doing on assignments and tests, and then it provides feedback to help the students learn. The students (the data) provide the input, and the teacher (the machine learning algorithm) provides the output.	supervised machine learning	Explain supervised machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you are learning to drive a car, you might start by practicing on a simulator. A synthetic feature is like a simulator for data. It is a way of creating artificial data that can be used to train machine learning models.	synthetic feature	Explain synthetic feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about synthetic features is by analogy with a construction toy like LEGO. Imagine you have a few basic blocks (like squares and rectangles) in different colors, and you can build anything you want from them by combining them in different ways. You could make a house, a car, or even another person out of these blocks. In the same way, synthetic features are building blocks for machine learning models that allow us to create new features that we couldn’t generate using only the data itself.	synthetic feature	Explain synthetic feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
In synthetic feature, the machine learning algorithm is used to create new features that are not present in the training data. The algorithm can be used to combine or transform existing features in order to produce a better model.	synthetic feature	Explain synthetic feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of a synthetic feature is as if it's an extra sense that you might have. For example, imagine being able to smell electricity in the air. This would be a synthetic feature that you don't naturally have but it's something that you can learn to use.	synthetic feature	Explain synthetic feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
I can't explain synthetic feature using an analogy.	synthetic feature	Explain synthetic feature (machine learning) using an analogy.
Tabular q-learning is like a child learning the alphabet by looking at a table with all of the letters in it. The child starts off by knowing nothing, but then progressively learns more and more as they look at the table. In tabular q-learning, we start off knowing nothing about how to solve a problem, but then we learn more and more as we see examples of how other people have solved it.	tabular q-learning	Explain tabular q-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you want to learn how to make a perfect egg custard. You could, of course, try recipe after recipe until you get it just right. But there's an easier way. A scientist could give you a table with all the necessary information for making the perfect custard—the amounts of eggs, milk, sugar, and vanilla required for different batches sizes. With this information in hand, all you need to do is follow the instructions and you'll be able to make a perfect custard every time.Tabular q-learning is a bit like that scientist giving you the table of information about making egg custards. It provides machine learning algorithms with all the data they need in order to learn how to perform some task or tasks accurately. This makes tabular q-learning much faster and easier than traditional machine learning methods where algorithms have to "learn" by trial and error what works best on their own.	tabular q-learning	Explain tabular q-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
A table is a collection of data that is organized in rows and columns. The data in each row represents something different, and the data in each column represents something related to the data in the row above it. Q-learning is a type of machine learning that works similarly to how people learn from tables. When someone learns from a table, they remember the information in the row and column that corresponds to their answer. Q-learning does this for machines by remembering which actions led to good outcomes (the "q" or "query") and which actions led to bad outcomes (the "not q").	tabular q-learning	Explain tabular q-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
It is like giving a child multiple choice questions with the correct answers to study, and then later testing them on what they have learned.	tabular q-learning	Explain tabular q-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Tabular q-learning is a form of machine learning that uses a table or matrix to store information about how well different actions performed in different situations lead to desired outcomes. It can be thought of as a way to make "if this, then that" rules for machine learning algorithms.	tabular q-learning	Explain tabular q-learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Target is like a teacher. It is responsible for teaching the algorithm what to learn and how to learn it.	target	Explain target (machine learning) using an analogy.
Target is the bullseye you are aiming for when shooting with a bow and arrow. In machine learning, the target is the outcome or result you are trying to achieve. You use data to train your machine learning algorithm, which then tries to predict the target based on new data.	target	Explain target (machine learning) using an analogy.
The target in machine learning is similar to the target in archery. The goal of both activities is to hit a specific point, or target. In machine learning, the target is usually a set of data that you want your computer system to be able to learn and recognize.	target	Explain target (machine learning) using an analogy.
Targeting in machine learning is similar to aiming a gun. You want to aim the gun at the target, and pull the trigger to fire. The bullets (data) will hopefully hit the target (the correct answer), and you can adjust your aim based on how close or far off you were from hitting the target.	target	Explain target (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning target is similar to a bullseye on a dartboard. The machine learning target is the specific thing that you are trying to hit with your data. In order to hit the target, you need to collect data and use it to train your model.	target	Explain target (machine learning) using an analogy.
Target network is a bit like the Matrix. It's a simulated world where machines learn to operate in by being fed data and corrected feedback.	target network	Explain target network (machine learning) using an analogy.
Target network can be likened to a school of fish. The target network is made up of many individual fish that are all connected and work together to create the overall effect. In machine learning, this is what is known as an artificial neural network (ANN). An ANN is composed of many interconnected processing nodes, or neurons, that mimic the workings of the brain.	target network	Explain target network (machine learning) using an analogy.
A target network is a group of machines that are set up to learn how to respond to certain kinds of input. They do this by analyzing large amounts of data, and then tweaking their behavior accordingly. You can think of it as being a bit like a human brain - the more data it has access to, the better it gets at responding to new situations.	target network	Explain target network (machine learning) using an analogy.
Target networks are a bit like school children. In order for the network to learn, it needs lots of examples of input and output data so that it can start to understand how best to respond in different situations. The more data you give it, the better its predictions will be.	target network	Explain target network (machine learning) using an analogy.
The target network is a machine learning algorithm that can be used to predict the probability of an event occurring. It works by using a training dataset to learn patterns in the data and then using those patterns to make predictions about new data. The analogy would be like teaching a computer how to play chess by providing it with lots of examples of games between different players. Once it has learned the patterns, it can then use those patterns to make predictions about future games.	target network	Explain target network (machine learning) using an analogy.
The termination condition in machine learning is like when a soccer coach decides to end the game. The coach has a set of goals they are trying to achieve (e.g., win, score more points than the other team), and when they feel they have achieved those goals, they call an end to the match. In machine learning, the termination condition might be reached when the algorithm has learned enough about the data so that further improvement on accuracy (measured by something like mean squared error) is no longer possible.	termination condition	Explain termination condition (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for the termination condition in machine learning is a teacher grading an assignment. The teacher stops grading when they reach a stopping point, such as when they have reached the maximum amount of time they are willing to spend grading or when they have graded all of the students' assignments.	termination condition	Explain termination condition (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, the termination condition is a set of conditions that must be met in order for the learning algorithm to stop. The analogy would be like a teacher telling their students they will stop teaching once everyone understands the material.	termination condition	Explain termination condition (machine learning) using an analogy.
A termination condition in machine learning is like a finish line in a race. Once the machine reaches the termination condition, it stops working and returns the best solution it has found so far.	termination condition	Explain termination condition (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are learning to play the violin, one of the termination conditions would be when you can play a song perfectly.	termination condition	Explain termination condition (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of time series analysis is as a kind of “learning” that a machine can do, in which it gradually becomes better at predicting future events based on past data. Time series analysis works by examining patterns in past data and using that information to predict what might happen in the future.	time series analysis	Explain time series analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
Time series analysis is like forecasting the weather. It uses past data to predict future events.	time series analysis	Explain time series analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
You are a detective investigating a series of robberies. You have data on when each robbery occurred, and you want to find out if there is any patterns in the timing of the robberies. Time series analysis can help you do this by looking at how each robbery affects the likelihood of future robberies.	time series analysis	Explain time series analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
Time series analysis is similar to predicting the weather. You can use past data to make predictions about what might happen in the future.	time series analysis	Explain time series analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
Time series analysis is like being able to see the future by analyzing past trends.	time series analysis	Explain time series analysis (machine learning) using an analogy.
A timestep can be thought of as the length of time between snapshots in a video. In machine learning, timesteps are used to prevent overfitting and to improve the performance of models.	timestep	Explain timestep (machine learning) using an analogy.
In machine learning, a timestep is analogous to one step in a physical journey. The aim is to take as many steps as possible so that the distance travelled (i.e. the prediction error) is reduced as much as possible.	timestep	Explain timestep (machine learning) using an analogy.
A timestep is like a frame in a movie. Just as each frame in a movie captures a snapshot of the action at that moment, each timestep in machine learning captures a snapshot of the current state of the world (or data).	timestep	Explain timestep (machine learning) using an analogy.
A timestep is like a step in a staircase. It is the distance between one stair and the next. In machine learning, it is the distance between two data points in time.	timestep	Explain timestep (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you are learning to drive a car, you take things slowly at first. You might start by practicing on a quiet street in your neighborhood. Then, as you get more comfortable with the car and driving, you might move onto bigger streets and highways. The number of steps (or timesteps) between each location is analogous to the amount of time it takes for the machine learning algorithm to learn new information between each iteration.	timestep	Explain timestep (machine learning) using an analogy.
Tokens are like pieces of paper that have some information written on them. The information might be the name of a person, the amount of money they have, or something else. In machine learning, tokens are used to represent data so that it can be processed and analyzed.	token	Explain token (machine learning) using an analogy.
Token is like a ticket that allows you to travel on a bus or train. In machine learning, a token is used to indicate the beginning and end of a piece of data.	token	Explain token (machine learning) using an analogy.
Token is like a train ticket. It allows the bearer to travel on the train between two specified stations.	token	Explain token (machine learning) using an analogy.
A token is like a ticket that allows you to board a train. The ticket doesn't have any value on its own, but it's needed in order to get on the train and travel to your destination. In the same way, a token (or "tokenization") is used in machine learning as a way of representing data so that it can be processed by a computer. By dividing up data into small pieces called tokens, it becomes easier for machines to understand and learn from it.	token	Explain token (machine learning) using an analogy.
A token is like a ticket that allows you to ride on a bus. The ticket has all the information about where the bus is going, when it will leave, and how much it costs. When you show the driver your ticket, they will give you a seat on the bus. In machine learning, tokens are used to label data so that it can be classified or predicted.	token	Explain token (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you think of training a machine learning algorithm as teaching a dog how to perform a task, the input would be what you want the dog to do (e.g. sit, stay, come) and the output would be the desired behavior itself. The training process involves providing lots of examples of the desired behavior so that the algorithm can learn how to identify it accurately.	training	Explain training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Training is like teaching a computer how to ride a bike. You show the computer what the bike looks like, how to hold the handlebars, and how to pedal. Then you let the computer try it out on its own. If it falls off, you help it back up and show it what he did wrong. Over time, the computer will learn how to stay on the bike and ride without assistance.	training	Explain training (machine learning) using an analogy.
A person's brain can be viewed as a machine that learns from experience. The more experiences a person has, the more knowledge the brain acquires. With enough data, a computer program can also be taught to learn in a similar way. This process is called "machine learning" or "training."	training	Explain training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Training is like teaching a dog how to sit. You provide some basic guidance (the command "sit") and then praise the dog when it performs the desired behavior. With repetition, the dog will learn to associate sitting with receiving positive reinforcement and will be more likely to perform that behavior in the future. Machine learning works similarly: you provide input data (examples of what you want the machine learning algorithm to learn) and then output data (the results of running the algorithm on new data). The machine learning algorithm "learns" by trying different combinations of algorithms and parameters until it produces a result that closely matches the output data from training.	training	Explain training (machine learning) using an analogy.
Training a machine learning algorithm is similar to teaching a dog how to perform a trick. You show the dog what you want it to do and provide positive feedback when it does it correctly. Over time, the dog will learn how to do the trick perfectly.	training	Explain training (machine learning) using an analogy.
A trajectory is the path a person or object takes as it moves from one place to another. Trajectory in machine learning is similar, except that it refers to the path that a algorithm or model takes as it learns from data. The goal of machine learning is often to find the best trajectory for an algorithm so that it can learn and improve its performance over time.	trajectory	Explain trajectory (machine learning) using an analogy.
Trajectory is a field of mathematics that deals with the motion of objects over time. In machine learning, trajectory refers to the path followed by a model as it learns how to predict outcomes. The analogy could be made to an object such as a ball being thrown into the air. As the ball rises, it follows a curved path until it eventually falls back down to Earth. A trajectory in machine learning would be similar, charting out the various steps and stages that the model undergoes as it becomes better at predicting outcomes.	trajectory	Explain trajectory (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning trajectory is like a rocket's trajectory. It starts with an idea (the launch), and then it moves through various phases of testing and improvement (the flight) until it reaches its destination (the landing).	trajectory	Explain trajectory (machine learning) using an analogy.
Trajectory is the path that a thrown object follows through the air. In machine learning, trajectory refers to the sequence of decisions or actions that a computer system takes as it learns how to perform a task.	trajectory	Explain trajectory (machine learning) using an analogy.
Trajectory as it is used in machine learning is similar to the trajectory of a projectile. The path that an object takes can be predicted using certain variables such as velocity and angle. In the same way, the path of a data point can be predicted by understanding its features and the corresponding algorithms.	trajectory	Explain trajectory (machine learning) using an analogy.
A transformer is a machine learning algorithm that enables you to convert one type of data into another. For example, you can use a transformer to convert text data into numbers so that you can analyze it using mathematical techniques.	transformer	Explain transformer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A transformer is a machine learning algorithm that can be used to turn datasets of lower dimensionality into those of higher dimensionality. This is often done in order to improve the performance of machine learning algorithms when they are applied to these higher-dimensional datasets. Transformers work by constructing a feature map, which is a representation of the data in the higher-dimensional space.	transformer	Explain transformer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A transformer is a machine that can change voltage levels. It takes an input of electrical power at one voltage level and changes it to another voltage level. This is done by passing the electrical power through a coil of wire called the primary winding. The magnetic field created by the current in the primary winding creates a flux (a flow of energy) in the secondary winding. This flux causes a current to flow in the secondary winding, which results in an output of electrical power at the new voltage level	transformer	Explain transformer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A transformer is a machine learning algorithm that enables you to turn categorical data into numerical features, which can then be used in subsequent modeling steps. It does this by creating a new column for each category, and then assigning a number to each one based on how frequently it occurs. For example, if you had the following data:cat dog birdthe transformer would create three new columns (cat_num, dog_num, bird_num) and populate them with the following numbers: 2, 1, 0.	transformer	Explain transformer (machine learning) using an analogy.
A transformer is like a robot that can change shape and become different things. Transformers can learn how to do new things by watching other robots or humans.	transformer	Explain transformer (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about translational invariance is to imagine that you are a photographer. If you take a picture of a friend from one angle, it will look very similar no matter what angle you view it from. This is because the photo preserves the shape of your friend's body even as you move around them. Translational invariance in machine learning means that algorithms can learn how to recognize objects (or patterns) regardless of where they are in space.	translational invariance	Explain translational invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
Translational invariance is like a zoom lens on a camera. It keeps the image the same size even if you zoom in or out. In machine learning, it means that you can move your training data around without changing how well the model performs.	translational invariance	Explain translational invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm is like a really smart, precise watch. It can tell time accurately no matter what direction it's facing or how much it's been moved around. This is because its ability to tell time (the translation invariance) doesn't depend on the position of its hands or anything else nearby; it just relies on the information encoded in the watch itself.	translational invariance	Explain translational invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about translational invariance is to imagine that you are learning how to drive a car. Regardless of the direction the car is traveling, you still need to use the same set of skills and controls (e.g. steering wheel, gas pedal, brake pedal) in order to operate it effectively. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm can be trained on data sets that are shifted or rotated relative to each other without compromising its ability to perform well on new data sets.	translational invariance	Explain translational invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm is like a train that can travel anywhere on a track. The train's position is determined by the location of the track, not by anything else. Similarly, a machine learning algorithm works the same way no matter where it is applied (within certain bounds).	translational invariance	Explain translational invariance (machine learning) using an analogy.
A trigram is like a jigsaw puzzle piece. It is a three-dimensional shape that can be fitted into other pieces to form a complete image. In machine learning, a trigram is an algorithm that can be used to predict the next character in a text string.	trigram	Explain trigram (machine learning) using an analogy.
A trigram is like a three-word sentence. It's a unit of machine learning that helps to understand text by examining how words are used together.	trigram	Explain trigram (machine learning) using an analogy.
Trigraph is like a group of three people who all know each other very well. They are able to communicate with each other easily and can predict what the others will do or say.	trigram	Explain trigram (machine learning) using an analogy.
Trigram is like a group of three people who all know each other well. They work together closely and know each others' strengths and weaknesses. If one person in the group has a problem, they can rely on the other two members to help them out.	trigram	Explain trigram (machine learning) using an analogy.
Trigram is like a sentence. It has three words in it. The first word is the beginning, the second word is the middle, and the third word is the end.	trigram	Explain trigram (machine learning) using an analogy.
A true negative is like when a person presses the "no" button on an automated phone system. The machine understands that "no" means the same as not pressing any buttons at all and it doesn't do anything.	true negative (tn)	Explain true negative (tn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A true negative (tn) is a classification result that correctly identifies an item as not being in a given category. In other words, the machine learning system returns the correct answer when it is told that something does not belong to a particular group. This may be analogous to humans accurately answering quiz questions about which items do not belong to certain categories (e.g., Which country is not in Europe?; What color is not in the rainbow?).	true negative (tn)	Explain true negative (tn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A true negative is similar to when you correctly identify a counterfeit bill. You know that the bill is not real and so you mark it as such. This is like when a machine learning algorithm correctly labels an image or data point as being something it was trained to recognize, like a cat for example.	true negative (tn)	Explain true negative (tn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Using an analogy, if you are a doctor and conduct a medical test on a patient and the result of that test is negative, then that means that the patient does not have the disease you were testing for.	true negative (tn)	Explain true negative (tn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
In the context of machine learning, a true negative (tn) is analogous to a correct answer in a quiz. It is an indication that the algorithm correctly identified data as not belonging to the target class.	true negative (tn)	Explain true negative (tn) (machine learning) using an analogy.
In a true positive (tp), a patient is correctly identified as having a disease. In other words, the patient has the disease and the test says so. This is like when you put money into your bank account and then later see that this transaction was recorded in your account history.	true positive (tp)	Explain true positive (tp) (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are looking for a specific item in a store, and walk into the store knowing where that item is located, then you are exhibiting true positive behavior. If you find the item that you're looking for, then congratulations - your search was successful and resulted in a true positive outcome.	true positive (tp)	Explain true positive (tp) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A true positive is when a test result comes back as positive, and the person actually has the disease. In other words, the test detected the presence of the disease in the person.	true positive (tp)	Explain true positive (tp) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A true positive is the equivalent of a “hits” in batting average. It means that you identified something correctly as being present.	true positive (tp)	Explain true positive (tp) (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are a true positive, then a machine learning algorithm has correctly identified you as a person who belongs in the target category. In other words, your email address is one that belongs to someone who opted into the mailing list.	true positive (tp)	Explain true positive (tp) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The true positive rate, or tpr, is a measure of how often a machine learning algorithm correctly classifies items as belonging to a given category. It can be thought of as the percentage of correct predictions made by the algorithm. In other words, it's the proportion of items that are classified as "positive" that are actually positive.	true positive rate (tpr)	Explain true positive rate (tpr) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The True Positive Rate is the number of actual positive instances that are correctly identified as being positive out of all the positive instances that are actually present. In other words, it's how often your machine learning algorithm succeeds in identifying a real positive example when it exists. It can be thought of as a measure of accuracy.	true positive rate (tpr)	Explain true positive rate (tpr) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The True Positive Rate is the percentage of times an algorithm correctly predicts a positive result for a given patient. In other words, it is the number of correct predictions divided by the total number of positive predictions. It can be thought of as how often a test correctly identifies those who have a particular disease, out of all the people who actually have that disease.	true positive rate (tpr)	Explain true positive rate (tpr) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The True Positive Rate is the number of times that a test correctly identifies a patient with the disease as being diseased, divided by the number of patients who are actually diseased. It is also known as sensitivity.	true positive rate (tpr)	Explain true positive rate (tpr) (machine learning) using an analogy.
The true positive rate is the percentage of times that a test correctly identifies a disease as being present. In other words, it is the number of true positives divided by the total number of positives.	true positive rate (tpr)	Explain true positive rate (tpr) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A person who is unaware of a sensitive attribute is like a person who does not know they are being watched. They may act differently than they would if they knew they were being observed. Similarly, a machine that is unaware of a sensitive attribute is like a machine that does not know it is receiving special input data. It may behave differently than it would if it had access to this data.	unawareness (to a sensitive attribute)	Explain unawareness (to a sensitive attribute) (machine learning) using an analogy.
In understanding unawareness (to a sensitive attribute), imagine that you are standing in a room with several people. You know some of these people well, others not so much. In the group of people is someone who you know has a very strong aversion to cilantro. unbeknownst to you, this person happens to be standing right next to you. Even though you don't share this person's aversion to cilantro, they will still be able to smell it on you if you happen to have any on your clothing.	unawareness (to a sensitive attribute)	Explain unawareness (to a sensitive attribute) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A computer is like a large office building. The rooms inside the building are full of people who work in different areas - marketing, accounting, human resources, and so on. Each room has its own culture and way of doing things. The people in each room know how to do their jobs and they're familiar with the culture of their room. But the people in one room usually don't know what's going on in the other rooms. They're unaware of what's happening in those other areas.	unawareness (to a sensitive attribute)	Explain unawareness (to a sensitive attribute) (machine learning) using an analogy.
If a person is unaware of a sensitive attribute, it is as if they are wearing sunglasses that block out all light. They would be unable to see anything in their surroundings no matter how brightly it was shining.	unawareness (to a sensitive attribute)	Explain unawareness (to a sensitive attribute) (machine learning) using an analogy.
I can't see very well, so I am unaware of the color blue.	unawareness (to a sensitive attribute)	Explain unawareness (to a sensitive attribute) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Undersampling is a technique used in machine learning that helps reduce the number of instances needed to train a model. This is done by randomly selecting a smaller portion of the data set to be used for training, while the remaining data set is used as a test set.	undersampling	Explain undersampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
The act of undersampling can be thought of as the inverse process of oversampling. In other words, it is the act of deliberately reducing the number of samples in a given population in order to improve the accuracy and generalization performance of machine learning models. This can be done for a variety of reasons, but is often employed when there are not enough data points available to support accurate modeling or when there exists a need to reduce computational complexity.	undersampling	Explain undersampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you undersample a population, you are essentially taking a small random sample of that population. This can be useful in machine learning, where it can help reduce the amount of data that is needed to train a model. It can also help speed up training time, since there are fewer examples to evaluate.	undersampling	Explain undersampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
A person is standing in a field and looking around. They see a barn, a tree, and a house. The next day they go back to the same spot but only see the barn and the tree. The person has undersampled the data by only looking at two points in time and not all of them. This is similar to how machine learning works- it takes samples from data in order to learn patterns or trends.	undersampling	Explain undersampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
Let's say you want to buy a new car, but you're not sure what type of car to buy. You go out and look at a ton of different cars, but eventually decide that you need to see more cars before you make your decision. So you go back out and look at some more cars, but this time you only look at the ones that are really close to where you live. After doing this for a while, you've probably seen most of the types of cars that are near your house, so now it's time to pick one!This is similar to how undersampling works in machine learning - by looking at a smaller subset of all the data available, we can get a better understanding of what that data looks like. This helps us make better decisions when training our models.	undersampling	Explain undersampling (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about unidirectional learning is as follows: Imagine you are learning how to drive a car. You might start by reading about the different parts of a car and understanding their functions. Next, you would practice getting in and out of the driver's seat, turning on the engine, and moving the car forward and back. Once you feel comfortable with those basic movements, you could start practicing driving on a quiet street. As you get better at it, you might try driving in busier areas. The next step would be to take your driving skills onto the highway. Unidirectional learning works in a similar way: You learn new information first, then practice using it until you are confident enough to use it in more challenging situations.	unidirectional	Explain unidirectional (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like teaching a computer to read. You start off by showing it a lot of examples of text, and telling the computer which words are associated with each other. Then, you give the computer a new piece of text and ask it to guess which words are most likely to appear together. By doing this over and over again, the computer gradually learns how to understand text on its own.	unidirectional	Explain unidirectional (machine learning) using an analogy.
Unidirectional learning is similar to a car factory. The factory takes in raw materials (steel, rubber, plastic) and outputs cars. The factory doesn't take in cars and output them as raw materials.	unidirectional	Explain unidirectional (machine learning) using an analogy.
Unidirectional learning is a bit like teaching a child to ride a bike. You start off by holding onto the back of the seat and then gradually let go, until they're pedaling along on their own. The process is one-way: you can't teach the child how to ride a bike backwards!	unidirectional	Explain unidirectional (machine learning) using an analogy.
Unidirectional learning is like teaching a child to read. You start with teaching them the alphabet, and then proceed to teach them how to put those letters together to form words, and eventually sentences. The child isn't able to go back and relearn things they have already been taught - they must build on what has been learned in order to move forward. In the same way, unidirectional learning algorithms are only able to learn from data that is provided to it sequentially. It cannot go back and revisit data it has already seen in order to reinforce its understanding of it.	unidirectional	Explain unidirectional (machine learning) using an analogy.
A unidirectional language model is a machine learning algorithm that can be used to predict the next word in a sentence given the previous words. It works like a predictive text keyboard on your phone. For example, if you type "I am going to", the keyboard might predict that the next word is "the park".	unidirectional language model	Explain unidirectional language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A unidirectional language model is a machine learning technique that allows a computer to predict the next word in a sentence, given the previous words. This can be thought of as similar to how humans predict the next word in a sentence. For example, if someone says "I am going to go," most people would predict that the next word will be "home."	unidirectional language model	Explain unidirectional language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A unidirectional language model is a bit like learning how to speak a new language by only ever hearing people say things one way. You might be able to understand what they're saying, but you won't be able to respond in the same way.	unidirectional language model	Explain unidirectional language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A unidirectional language model is a machine learning algorithm that predicts the next word in a sentence based on the previous words. It can be viewed as an extension of a naive Bayes classifier, which only considers the probability of each word given its preceding context. A unidirectional language model also takes into account the likelihood of a particular word following certain other words. This allows it to make more accurate predictions, particularly for longer sentences.	unidirectional language model	Explain unidirectional language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A unidirectional language model is a type of machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the next word in a sequence. It can be thought of as a "smart" dictionary that predicts the most likely word based on the context of the previous words in the sequence.	unidirectional language model	Explain unidirectional language model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a child that is constantly learning. The more information it is given, the better it becomes at predicting outcomes and completing tasks.	unlabeled example	Explain unlabeled example (machine learning) using an analogy.
An unlabeled example in machine learning is like a new student at school. The teacher has no idea what this student's name is, what they look like, or anything about them. However, the teacher can still teach this student and give them assignments to do. Over time, as the teacher gets to know this student better, they will eventually be able to label them with a name and learn more about their strengths and weaknesses. In the same way, unlabeled data provides information that can be used to improve machine learning algorithms even if it can't immediately be classified.	unlabeled example	Explain unlabeled example (machine learning) using an analogy.
This is a bit like if you were to learn Spanish and someone gave you an example sentence without any labels on it - "Hablo espanol." You would have to try and figure out what the words mean based on the context of the sentence. In machine learning, this is called "unsupervised learning" because you're trying to learn how to understand data without any specific instructions.	unlabeled example	Explain unlabeled example (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you were learning to play tennis, and someone gave you an unlabeled example of a tennis ball, you would not know what the object was. However, by observing other objects similar to the tennis ball (i.e., other balls), and studying how they move and react under certain conditions, you would eventually be able to identify a tennis ball when shown one. This is analogous to machine learning, where computers learn from data without having been explicitly programmed with rules on how to do so	unlabeled example	Explain unlabeled example (machine learning) using an analogy.
The unlabeled example is like a student who is trying to learn a new topic. The student has never heard of the topic before and is trying to understand it by reading about it and discussing it with others.	unlabeled example	Explain unlabeled example (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning is like a toddler. At first, the toddler knows nothing and has to be supervised every step of the way as they learn. Eventually, the toddler will learn on their own and won't need supervision anymore (although they may still need some guidance). Machine learning works in a similar way - it starts off with very little knowledge and needs to be supervised as it learns. However, once it understands what it's doing, it can work on its own without any help.	unsupervised machine learning	Explain unsupervised machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Unsupervised machine learning is like a child learning to read. The child is not given any instructions on how to read, but instead is allowed to look at books and figure out the letters and their corresponding sounds. By doing this, the child will eventually learn how to read.	unsupervised machine learning	Explain unsupervised machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Analogy:Unsupervised machine learning is like having a teacher who doesn't give you any homework. The teacher just tells you what the material is and lets you learn on your own. Supervised machine learning is like having a teacher who gives you homework every day.	unsupervised machine learning	Explain unsupervised machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
When you first learn to drive a car, someone has to sit next to you and tell you what to do. After a while, you can probably drive without anyone sitting next to you, but if there's a problem, you'll need someone else in the car to help figure out what went wrong. Unsupervised machine learning is kind of like that: You give the computer some data, and it tries to figure out how everything is related on its own. If there's a problem (like an unusual input), it can ask for help from people who know more about the data.	unsupervised machine learning	Explain unsupervised machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Unsupervised machine learning is like a toddler learning how to speak. The toddler is not given any instructions on how to speak, but instead just observes the world around them and tries to imitate what they see. In the same way, unsupervised machine learning algorithms observe data and try to learn from it without being given any specific instructions.	unsupervised machine learning	Explain unsupervised machine learning (machine learning) using an analogy.
Uweighting is a term used in machine learning for the technique of artificially boosting the weight of some training instances, making them more important for the learning process. An analogy would be giving one student in a classroom a higher score than all the other students so that their influence is greater when the class averages are calculated.	upweighting	Explain upweighting (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think about upweighting is as a kind of “ turbocharging” for your machine learning models. Upweighted data gives you more training examples to learn from, and this can help your models achieve better performance on prediction tasks.	upweighting	Explain upweighting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Upweighting is a technique used in machine learning to make the predictions of a model more accurate. It can be thought of as giving extra weight to certain data points when making a prediction. This makes it more likely that the model will accurately predict values for those data points.	upweighting	Explain upweighting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Upweighting is like giving a person who did well on a test a bigger score. It means that the algorithm is going to place more weight on their answers, and thus give them more of an impact on the final result.	upweighting	Explain upweighting (machine learning) using an analogy.
Upweighting is a technique used in machine learning for improving the accuracy of predictions. Upweighting works by increasing the weight given to some data points relative to others, so that these points are more likely to be chosen when making a prediction. This can increase the accuracy of predictions by taking into account important features that may have been ignored by other techniques.	upweighting	Explain upweighting (machine learning) using an analogy.
A user matrix is a data structure used in machine learning to represent the interactions between users and items. It can be thought of as a table where each row represents a user and each column represents an item. The cells in the table contain the number of times that particular user has interacted with that item.	user matrix	Explain user matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
A user matrix is a data structure that stores information about how users interact with each other on a website. It can be used to improve the website's design and functionality by understanding how users interact with each other.	user matrix	Explain user matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning algorithms are often used to create a "user matrix" that can predict how users will respond to given content. This matrix is created by inputting data about how different users have responded to different pieces of content in the past. This information can be used to determine which pieces of content are most likely to appeal to a particular user, or group of users.	user matrix	Explain user matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
A user matrix is a data structure that stores information about how users interact with each other on a website or online service. It can be used to improve the user experience by understanding how people use the site and what content they are interested in.	user matrix	Explain user matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a teacher and have students in different grades. You want to know which students need more help, so you create a user matrix. The rows of the matrix would be each student, and the columns would be different subjects. In the cells of the matrix, you would enter how well each student did on that subject.	user matrix	Explain user matrix (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for validation in machine learning is the process of refining a recipe. After you make a dish once, you might decide to adjust the amounts of spices or change the oven temperature to make it better next time. In the same way, we use validation during machine learning to improve our models by adjusting parameters and watching how they perform on new data.	validation	Explain validation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A computer is like a large group of people who are trying to figure out how to make a decision together. The first step is for the computer to learn what different people think about the problem. Then, it tries to find patterns in what those people think. Finally, it uses those patterns to come up with its own decision.	validation	Explain validation (machine learning) using an analogy.
In validation (machine learning), the algorithm is "trained" on a set of data, after which it is tested using a separate set of data. This allows the algorithm to be improved by tweaking its parameters until it achieves an acceptable level of accuracy on the testing set. The analogy would be that of a scientist who experiments with different variables in order to find the one that produces the desired result.	validation	Explain validation (machine learning) using an analogy.
Validating a machine learning model is similar to baking a cake. After you measure all of the ingredients, you mix them together and put the cake in the oven. You then wait for it to bake and come out ready to eat. The same process goes for a machine learning model - you input data, let it run through the algorithms, and check to see if the predicted results are accurate.	validation	Explain validation (machine learning) using an analogy.
The process of validation in machine learning can be thought of as a quality assurance step to ensure that the models being created are effective at predicting future events. Just as manufacturing companies have quality control procedures to ensure that their products meet certain standards, machine learning algorithms must be validated in order to make sure that they produce accurate predictions. This is done by comparing the predictions made by the model against actual outcomes and seeing how well they match up. If there is a large discrepancy between the predictions and reality, then the model may need to be tweaked or replaced altogether.	validation	Explain validation (machine learning) using an analogy.
A machine learning algorithm is like a hiker climbing up a hill. Initially, the hike is easy and the hiker makes good progress. However, as the hiker gets closer to the top of the hill, the climb becomes increasingly difficult. Eventually, the gradient (the slope of the terrain) vanishes, making it impossible to continue progressing further. This is known as the vanishing gradient problem and is a common issue with machine learning algorithms.	vanishing gradient problem	Explain vanishing gradient problem (machine learning) using an analogy.
The vanishing gradient problem is a machine learning problem that occurs when the gradients of the training error with respect to the weights in a neural network become very small as they are optimized. This can cause the optimization process to slow down or even stop altogether, preventing the network from learning properly. The vanishing gradient problem can be likened to trying to fill a bathtub with water using only a tiny cup. It's difficult to get much water into the tub this way, and it takes a long time to do so.	vanishing gradient problem	Explain vanishing gradient problem (machine learning) using an analogy.
The vanishing gradient problem is a bit like trying to fill up a swimming pool with a garden hose. At first, the water comes out quickly and easily. But as the pool fills up, the flow of water gradually diminishes until it eventually stops altogether.This analogy can help explain what's happening in machine learning when training a neural network. The "hose" is representing the neurons in the network, while the "pool" is representing the overall task that needs to be learned (like recognizing objects in pictures or understanding human speech).At first, the flow of information through the neurons is strong (just like water coming out of the hose), and it's easy for the network to learn new things. But as more and more data is fed into it, that flow gradually decreases until there's no longer any progress being made. This is known as the vanishing gradient problem."	vanishing gradient problem	Explain vanishing gradient problem (machine learning) using an analogy.
An example of the vanishing gradient problem is trying to teach a dog to sit using positive reinforcement. Initially, when the dog is first learning, it responds very enthusiastically to any small sign of approval (e.g. being petted). As time goes on, however, the dog requires more and more approval in order to be motivated (e.g. treats) until finally just hearing your voice saying "good dog" isn't enough - the animal has to see or feel some other indication that it's done something good (like a pat on the head). The gradient of reward (approval/positive reinforcement) has effectively vanished for this behavior - getting the dog to sit takes an increasingly greater amount of effort from the trainer as time goes on	vanishing gradient problem	Explain vanishing gradient problem (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are a farmer trying to irrigate your crops. You have two irrigation canals, one on each side of your farm. The canal on the west side of your farm is twice as wide as the canal on the east side. However, the water flow in the western canal is half that of the eastern canal. Which canal do you think will provide more water to your crops?The answer is clear - the eastern canal will provide more water to your crops because it has a higher flow rate even though it is narrower. This analogy illustrates what is known as the vanishing gradient problem in machine learning.	vanishing gradient problem	Explain vanishing gradient problem (machine learning) using an analogy.
Imagine you are at a carnival and trying to win a prize by playing one of the games. You throw three balls and get two in, but not the third. If you had thrown ten balls, then it is likely that you would have gotten at least three in, meaning your odds of winning would be better. In the same way, machine learning algorithms can use large data sets to learn patterns and make better predictions than if they only used small data sets.	wasserstein loss	Explain wasserstein loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Wasserstein loss is a technique used in machine learning to prevent the overfitting of models. It works by penalizing models that produce very different predictions than the training data. This penalty encourages models to be more similar to the training data, which helps reduce overfitting.	wasserstein loss	Explain wasserstein loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
If you are trying to learn how to play the violin, and you have two different teachers, one of whom is much better than the other, then after a while following the teachings of the better teacher you will likely be able to play the violin much better than if you had followed the teachings of the worse teacher. This is because your learning curve has been accelerated by studying with someone who is already good at playing the violin. In a similar way, if we want to train a machine learning algorithm (e.g. a neural network) to do some task (e.g. recognize objects in pictures), we can use a technique called “wasserstein loss” which tries to find a set of training examples that minimize any differences between the performance of our machine learning algorithm on these training examples and on a separate set of validation examples that we also provide.	wasserstein loss	Explain wasserstein loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Wasserstein loss is a type of machine learning algorithm used to minimize the differences between two probability distributions. It works by finding the most efficient way to "smooth out" the distribution of one data set so that it matches the distribution of another data set as closely as possible. This analogy might help illustrate how this works:Say you have two jars of different colors of paint, and you want to make them match as closely as possible. You could do this by mixing the paints together until they are both an evenly mixed shade of gray. This would be the most efficient way to achieve your goal, and it would result in a smooth transition between the two colors. Alternatively, you could try to paint one jar with gray paint until it matches the other jar, but this would be a lot more time-consuming and inefficient.	wasserstein loss	Explain wasserstein loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Loss is a measure of how far off the predicted value is from the actual value. In other words, it's a way to track how good your predictions are. Loss can be measured in many different ways, but one popular way is called Wasserstein loss.Think about predicting the outcomes of basketball games. Suppose you predict that Team A will beat Team B by 10 points. If in reality Team A only beats Team B by 5 points, then your prediction was wrong and you would have a high loss score for that game. On the other hand, if you predicted that Team A would lose to Team B by 10 points, and they actually lost by only 5 points, then your prediction was more accurate and you would have a low loss score for that game.	wasserstein loss	Explain wasserstein loss (machine learning) using an analogy.
Weight is a measure of how strong an influence a particular input has on the result of a machine learning algorithm. Just as with real-world weight, the more influential an input is, the more it will affect the overall outcome.	weight	Explain weight (machine learning) using an analogy.
Weight is a measure of how strong an object is. The more weight an object has, the harder it will be to move.	weight	Explain weight (machine learning) using an analogy.
One analogy for weight is to think of it as a measure of how strongly a signal is influencing the outcome of a machine learning model. Weight can be thought of as analogous to votes in an election: the more weight given to a particular signal, the greater its impact on the final result.	weight	Explain weight (machine learning) using an analogy.
Weight is a measure of how strong an influence a particular input has on the result of a machine learning algorithm. Just as with real-world weights, the greater the weight assigned to an input, the more that input will affect the result. Weights can be adjusted manually by experts or automatically using feedback data from the algorithms themselves.	weight	Explain weight (machine learning) using an analogy.
Weight is the amount of force that is applied to an object. In machine learning, weight is used to determine how much influence a particular variable has on the final result.	weight	Explain weight (machine learning) using an analogy.
A possible analogy for WALS would be the following. Consider a situation in which there are two students, Alice and Bob, who both have different weights (assigned arbitrarily). When these two students carry books around, the weight of the books will affect how easily each student can move. For Alice, if she carries a light book, then it won't be too difficult to carry it around. However, if she carries a very heavy book, then it will be much more difficult for her to carry it around. For Bob, on the other hand, even if he is carrying a light book, it will still be relatively difficult for him to carry it around because of his greater weight. In this analogy, the "weight" corresponds to the "alternating least squares" term in WALS; i.e., how important or influential that term is in determining the resulting prediction error value.	weighted alternating least squares (wals)	Explain weighted alternating least squares (wals) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Wals is a machine learning algorithm that performs linear regression. It can be thought of as a variant of the gradient descent algorithm, which optimizes a function by finding its minimum value. Wals differs from gradient descent in that it takes into account the weight assigned to each data point. This allows it to more accurately find the best fit line for a set of data points.	weighted alternating least squares (wals)	Explain weighted alternating least squares (wals) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Weighted alternating least squares is a machine learning algorithm that uses a weighting scheme to make the estimates produced by different models more accurate. This technique can be thought of as analogous to taking an average of several estimates, with each estimate weighted according to its accuracy.	weighted alternating least squares (wals)	Explain weighted alternating least squares (wals) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Weighted alternating least squares (wals) is a machine learning algorithm that is used to find the best linear regression model. It works by assigning a weight to each data point, and then minimizing the weighted sum of the squared errors.	weighted alternating least squares (wals)	Explain weighted alternating least squares (wals) (machine learning) using an analogy.
Weighted alternating least squares is a machine learning algorithm that is used to optimize the performance of a neural network. It works by adjusting the weights of the neurons in the network so that they are better able to learn and remember information.	weighted alternating least squares (wals)	Explain weighted alternating least squares (wals) (machine learning) using an analogy.
A wide model is a big table with many columns and many rows. The table has so many columns that it can't fit on your computer screen, so you have to scroll from side to side to see all of the data. The table has so many rows that it can't fit in your memory, so you have to keep scrolling down to see new data.	wide model	Explain wide model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A wide model is like a bicycle. It has many different parts that work together to make it go. The pedals turn the wheel, which makes the bike move forward. The brake helps you stop quickly if you need to. And the seat is comfortable so you can ride for a long time without getting tired.	wide model	Explain wide model (machine learning) using an analogy.
The wide model is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the output values for a certain input. This algorithm works by dividing the input data into several different parts, or "chunks", and then predicting the value of each chunk separately. The wide model is often used when there are many input variables, as it can better handle the large amount of data.	wide model	Explain wide model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A wide model is like a big net that can capture lots of different types of fish. It’s not as focused as a narrow model, but it’s more flexible and can learn from more data.	wide model	Explain wide model (machine learning) using an analogy.
A wide model is like a map. It shows many different features of the area it covers. A narrow model is like a street map. It only shows streets and important buildings.	wide model	Explain wide model (machine learning) using an analogy.
Width is the distance between two points on a line. In machine learning, width is used to measure how spread out a set of data points are. This can be helpful in determining whether or not your data is clustered together or scattered randomly.	width	Explain width (machine learning) using an analogy.
Width is the number of unique items in a data set. It can be thought of as how many different choices you have when selecting an item from the data set.	width	Explain width (machine learning) using an analogy.
Width is the distance between two points. In machine learning, it refers to the number of data points that are used to train a model.	width	Explain width (machine learning) using an analogy.
Width (machine learning) is the number of features that a machine learning algorithm uses to make its predictions. For example, if you want to predict whether or not someone will buy a car, some factors you might consider are their age, sex, income, and credit score. So in this case, width would be four because there are four factors that the machine learning algorithm will use to make its predictions.	width	Explain width (machine learning) using an analogy.
Width is a measure of how spread out a data set is. A wide data set has many different values, while a narrow data set has only a few values.	width	Explain width (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embedding is a technique used in machine learning for representing text data as numeric vectors. This can be done by finding a set of fixed-length feature vectors for each word in the vocabulary, and then training a model to learn the relationships between these vectors. When new text is processed, it can be mapped to a vector space where similar words are close together, and this can help with tasks such as predictive modelling or document similarity search.	word embedding	Explain word embedding (machine learning) using an analogy.
Suppose you have a large supply of data about people and their relationships. You can represent each person as a point in multidimensional space, with the coordinates representing various characteristics like age, gender, income, etc. Now suppose you want to find out if two people are friends. All you need to do is measure the distance between their points in this space. The closer they are together, the more likely it is that they're friends.This is essentially what word embedding does for words. It creates a multidimensional space where each word is represented by a point. This space can then be used to measure the similarity between two words or groups of words.	word embedding	Explain word embedding (machine learning) using an analogy.
One way to think of word embedding is as a set of coordinates in space that represent each word. Just as you can use latitude and longitude to pinpoint a location on Earth, you can use word embedding to pinpoint the meaning of a word.	word embedding	Explain word embedding (machine learning) using an analogy.
Machine learning algorithms are used to create a "language dictionary" that associates words with numbers. This allows computers to understand the many ways in which words can be related to one another. For example, if you wanted to look up the definition of the word "apple", your computer would first find all of the other words that are similar to "apple" (e.g. orange, pear, etc.), and then it would give you a list of definitions for each word.	word embedding	Explain word embedding (machine learning) using an analogy.
Embedding is a technique used in machine learning to map high-dimensional data into a lower dimensional space while preserving the relationships between the original inputs and outputs. One way to think of this is by analogy with colors: Embedding can be thought of as taking a picture that uses many different colors (high dimension) and mapping it onto a black and white image where each pixel still represents one color, but there are only a few shades (low dimension). This allows us to see the relationships between colors on the full color image even when they are all squished together on the low-dimension black and white image.	word embedding	Explain word embedding (machine learning) using an analogy.
