Accuracy is like a machine learning algorithm that is being taught how to distinguish between different types of objects. The more accurate the machine learning algorithm becomes, the better it is at distinguishing between different types of objects.	accuracy	Create an analogy to explain accuracy (machine learning).
An algorithm is like a recipe for a cake. You follow the recipe to make the cake, and the ingredients and steps are like the algorithm.	algorithm	Create an analogy to explain algorithm (machine learning).
Attribute is like a computer program that is designed to learn how to recognize objects or patterns in data. The more data that is fed into the program, the better it becomes at recognizing objects or patterns.	attribute	Create an analogy to explain attribute (machine learning).
A bias metric is a way of measuring how much a machine learning algorithm is biased. This can be done by comparing the predictions of the algorithm to the ground truth, or by measuring the error rate of the algorithm.	bias metric	Create an analogy to explain bias metric (machine learning).
Bias is like a filter in a camera. It is a setting that can be adjusted to change the way the camera sees the world. In the same way, bias in machine learning can be used to change the way a machine sees the world.	bias term	Create an analogy to explain bias term (machine learning).
Categorical variables are like the different types of animals in a zoo. They are all different, but they all belong to the same category.	categorical variables	Create an analogy to explain categorical variables (machine learning).
Classification is like a human being sorting through a pile of objects, labeling each one with a specific category. For example, a person might sort through a pile of toy cars and label each one with the category "toy car." Classification is a machine learning technique that allows a computer to learn and identify patterns in data.	classification	Create an analogy to explain classification (machine learning).
Classification threshold is like the volume on a stereo. You can turn it up or down to change how much noise is heard. The classification threshold is the point at which the machine learning algorithm decides whether a data point is part of a particular class or not.	classification threshold	Create an analogy to explain classification threshold (machine learning).
Clustering is like finding similar items in a store. You might group together all the blue shirts, all the green shirts, and all the red shirts. You might also group together all the long-sleeved shirts, all the short-sleeved shirts, and all the T-shirts.	clustering	Create an analogy to explain clustering (machine learning).
A confusion matrix is a table that is used to describe the performance of a machine learning algorithm. The table has four columns and four rows. The first column is the actual class of the data, the second column is the predicted class of the data, the third column is the number of times the data was actually classified as the predicted class, and the fourth column is the number of times the data was actually classified as a different class.	confusion matrix	Create an analogy to explain confusion matrix (machine learning).
Continuous variables are like the flow of water. Just as water flows continuously, so too do continuous variables change and evolve over time. In order to understand and predict the flow of water, you need to understand and predict the behavior of each individual molecule. In the same way, in order to understand and predict the behavior of a continuous variable, you need to understand and predict the behavior of each individual data point.	continuous variables	Create an analogy to explain continuous variables (machine learning).
Convergence is similar to a machine learning algorithm that is being "trained" on a set of data. The algorithm is adjusted, or "learns," as it processes more and more data. Eventually, the algorithm becomes skilled at recognizing patterns in the data and making predictions.	convergence	Create an analogy to explain convergence (machine learning).
Deduction is like a machine learning algorithm that is able to learn how to identify patterns in data. It can then use these patterns to make predictions about future data.	deduction	Create an analogy to explain deduction (machine learning).
Deep learning is like a human brain. The brain has many layers of neurons, and each layer is connected to the next. The first layer receives input from the senses, and the last layer sends output to the muscles. The layers in between process the input and output.	deep learning	Create an analogy to explain deep learning (machine learning).
Dimension is like a room. It has height, width, and depth. You can move around in it and explore all of its contents.	dimension	Create an analogy to explain dimension (machine learning).
Epoch is machine learning is like a journey. It starts with a destination in mind, and the machine learning algorithm takes small steps to get there. Along the way, it constantly checks to make sure it's on the right track, and adjusts its course as necessary.	epoch	Create an analogy to explain epoch (machine learning).
Extrapolation is like a machine learning a new skill. The machine is given a set of data points to learn from. It then uses this data to predict future points.	extrapolation	Create an analogy to explain extrapolation (machine learning).
False positive rate is the likelihood of a machine incorrectly labeling an event as a positive instance. It is often represented as a percentage and is calculated by dividing the number of false positives by the total number of positives.An analogy for false positive rate would be if a person were to flip a coin 100 times and it landed on heads 63 times. This would mean that the person has a 63% chance of flipping heads on the next coin flip.	false positive rate	Create an analogy to explain false positive rate (machine learning).
Feature (machine learning) is like a car. It needs gas in order to run, and the more gas you put in, the further it will go. The same is true for feature (machine learning). The more data you give it, the more it will learn and the better it will perform.	feature	Create an analogy to explain feature (machine learning).
Feature selection is like a person choosing what clothes to wear. The person has many different clothes to choose from, but they can only wear a certain amount at a time. So, the person has to choose which clothes to wear based on what they want to wear and what looks good together.	feature selection	Create an analogy to explain feature selection (machine learning).
Feature vector is like a shopping list for a grocery store. The list contains all of the items that you need to buy, along with the quantity of each item. The list is organized by aisle and section so that you can easily find what you need.	feature vector	Create an analogy to explain feature vector (machine learning).
Gradient accumulation is similar to a snowball effect. The more data that is fed into the machine learning algorithm, the more accurate the predictions will be. This is because the algorithm is able to learn and understand the patterns in the data.	gradient accumulation	Create an analogy to explain gradient accumulation (machine learning).
Hyperparameters are like the knobs and dials on a machine. They are the settings that you can change to affect the behavior of the machine. In machine learning, hyperparameters are the settings that you can change to affect the behavior of the algorithm.	hyperparameters	Create an analogy to explain hyperparameters (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a human brain. The brain is constantly learning and induction is one way it does this. With machine learning, a computer is given a set of data and it "learns" by induction. The computer looks for patterns in the data and then uses these patterns to make predictions.	induction	Create an analogy to explain induction (machine learning).
Instance is like a person. It is a living being that can learn and grow.	instance	Create an analogy to explain instance (machine learning).
Labeling is like putting a name on a baby. You take all of the observations you have of the baby - their features, their behavior, what others say about them - and put a name to it. This is what machine learning does with data. It takes all of the observations it has of a particular thing - the features of that thing, the behavior of that thing, what others say about that thing - and puts a name to it.	label	Create an analogy to explain label (machine learning).
The learning rate is the speed at which a machine learning algorithm learns. It is often represented by the Greek letter alpha (α).The learning rate can be thought of as the speed at which a car learns to drive. The higher the learning rate, the faster the car learns.	learning rate	Create an analogy to explain learning rate (machine learning).
Loss in machine learning is similar to a car losing traction on a slippery road. Just as the car begins to slide, the machine learning algorithm begins to lose its ability to make accurate predictions. This can be caused by a number of factors, such as a data set that is too small or a changing environment.	loss	Create an analogy to explain loss (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a child learning to speak. At first, the child doesn't understand any words, but over time they learn more and more until they can hold a conversation. Machine learning works in a similar way. The machine starts by learning how to do one task, for example, recognizing objects in an image. Once it is good at that task, it can learn new tasks by using the information it learned from the first task.	machine learning	Create an analogy to explain machine learning (machine learning).
A model is like a machine learning algorithm. It is a set of instructions that tells the machine how to learn from data.	model	Create an analogy to explain model (machine learning).
Neural networks are like a group of people who have never met before, but are all experts in a specific topic. They are each given a specific question to answer about the topic. After discussing the question, they vote on the best answer. The answer with the most votes is the answer that the group believes is the best.	neural networks	Create an analogy to explain neural networks (machine learning).
Normalization is a technique used in machine learning to reduce the impact of outliers on the learning process. It can be thought of as a form of data compression, where the goal is to reduce the number of unique values in a dataset while preserving the most important information.	normalization	Create an analogy to explain normalization (machine learning).
Noise is like a group of people talking in a room. You can't make out what any one person is saying, but you can get an idea of what the conversation is about by listening to the whole group.	noise	Create an analogy to explain noise (machine learning).
Null accuracy is like a person who is trying to learn a new language, but they never actually speak to anyone. They may be able to read and write the language perfectly, but they will never be able to speak it because they have never heard it spoken.	null accuracy	Create an analogy to explain null accuracy (machine learning).
Observation is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and updating its predictions by analyzing new data. Just like a machine learning algorithm, observation can improve its predictions by incorporating feedback from its environment.	observation	Create an analogy to explain observation (machine learning).
An outlier is a data point that is significantly different from the other data points in a dataset. Outliers can be caused by errors in data collection or by natural variation in the data. In machine learning, outliers can be caused by errors in the training data or by unusual data points in the test data. Outliers can cause problems in machine learning algorithms because they can distort the results.	outlier	Create an analogy to explain outlier (machine learning).
Overfitting is like a person who has been to a particular city a lot and knows all the streets and shortcuts. They can get around the city quickly, but they are not very helpful to someone who is visiting for the first time. The person who is overfit has learned too much about the specific details of the city and is not able to generalize and apply what they know to new situations.	overfitting	Create an analogy to explain overfitting (machine learning).
Parameters are like the knobs and levers on a machine. They allow you to control how the machine behaves. In machine learning, the parameters are the things you can tweak to change how the algorithm works.	parameters	Create an analogy to explain parameters (machine learning).
Precision is like a machine that is finely tuned and calibrated. It can make very small adjustments and produce very accurate results.	precision	Create an analogy to explain precision (machine learning).
Recall is like a person's memory. It is the ability to remember information that has been previously learned.	recall	Create an analogy to explain recall (machine learning).
Recall is like a Google search. It returns a lot of results, but not all of them are relevant. Precision is like a Google search with the "I'm Feeling Lucky" button. It only returns one result, but it's always the right one.	recall vs precision	Create an analogy to explain recall vs precision (machine learning).
Regression is like a teacher. The teacher is always there to help you learn and grow. The teacher will give you feedback on your work and help you correct your mistakes.	regression	Create an analogy to explain regression (machine learning).
Regularization is like a weight loss diet. It helps reduce the number of errors in a machine learning model, which makes the model more accurate.	regularization	Create an analogy to explain regularization (machine learning).
Reinforcement learning is like teaching a dog how to fetch a ball. The dog is initially rewarded for returning the ball to the owner, and over time the dog learns that bringing the ball back is the best way to get rewarded. In reinforcement learning, the computer is also initially rewarded for completing a task, and it learns over time which actions lead to the best outcomes.	reinforcement learning	Create an analogy to explain reinforcement learning (machine learning).
Roc curve is similar to the S-curve in that it is used to predict the future success of a new product or service. The Roc curve plots the number of successful events (sales, downloads, etc.) over time. It can be used to help determine when a product or service has reached its peak and is starting to decline.	roc curve	Create an analogy to explain roc curve (machine learning).
Segmentation is like a human being's brain. The brain takes in a lot of information through the senses, and then it segments that information into smaller pieces so that it can be better understood. The brain does this by recognizing patterns and similarities in the information that it is taking in.	segmentation	Create an analogy to explain segmentation (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function, which takes in an input (a set of training data) and produces an output (a model). The function is designed to be as specific as possible, so that it can learn to recognize patterns in the data with high accuracy. In other words, the more specific the function is, the better it will be at distinguishing between different patterns in the data.	specificity	Create an analogy to explain specificity (machine learning).
Supervised learning is like teaching a child how to read. You provide the child with a set of examples (e.g. a list of words) and their corresponding definitions (e.g. the definition of "cat"). The child then uses this information to learn how to read.	supervised learning	Create an analogy to explain supervised learning (machine learning).
A test set is like a practice exam you would take before the real test. The test set allows you to practice and become familiar with the questions that will be on the real test.	test set	Create an analogy to explain test set (machine learning).
A training set is like a teacher. The teacher provides information to the student, and the student uses that information to learn. The teacher is always there to help the student when they need it, and the student can ask the teacher any questions they have. The teacher also provides feedback to the student so they can learn from their mistakes.	training set	Create an analogy to explain training set (machine learning).
Transfer learning is like teaching a second language. The first time you learn a new language, it is difficult and takes a lot of time and effort. However, once you have learned one language, learning a new language becomes much easier, because you have already learned some of the basics.	transfer learning	Create an analogy to explain transfer learning (machine learning).
The true positive rate is the percentage of positive results that are actually correct. This can be thought of as the accuracy of a machine learning algorithm.	true positive rate	Create an analogy to explain true positive rate (machine learning).
Type 1 error is like a person who is wearing a blindfold and is swinging a bat at a ball. They are trying to hit the ball, but they might not be able to because they can't see it.	type 1 error	Create an analogy to explain type 1 error (machine learning).
Type 2 error is like a person who is trying to learn a new skill, but they are not sure if they are doing it correctly. They keep practicing and trying to get better, but they are not sure if they are actually improving.	type 2 error	Create an analogy to explain type 2 error (machine learning).
Underfitting is like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. The machine learning algorithm is not able to find the correct pattern in the data and therefore is not able to make accurate predictions.	underfitting	Create an analogy to explain underfitting (machine learning).
The universal approximation theorem is similar to the law of large numbers in that it states that given enough data, a machine learning algorithm will be able to approximate a target function to any desired degree of accuracy. Just as the law of large numbers ensures that the average of a large number of samples will be close to the true value, the universal approximation theorem guarantees that any given machine learning algorithm will be able to approximate the target function to any desired degree of accuracy, given enough data.	universal approximation theorem	Create an analogy to explain universal approximation theorem (machine learning).
Unsupervised learning is like a baby learning how to talk. The baby is not given any instructions on how to speak, but instead just observes the world around them and listens to the conversations of others. Over time, the baby will gradually learn the rules of language and be able to speak fluently.	unsupervised learning	Create an analogy to explain unsupervised learning (machine learning).
A validation set is like a group of people who are used to test how well a machine learning algorithm is working. The validation set is used to make sure that the machine learning algorithm is working well and is not just memorizing the data.	validation set	Create an analogy to explain validation set (machine learning).
Variance is like the difference between the predicted outcome and the actual outcome. For example, if you predict that a machine will produce 10 widgets per hour, but it only produces 9 widgets per hour, then the variance is 1 (10-9).	variance	Create an analogy to explain variance (machine learning).
A/B testing is like a scientist testing two different theories about how something works. They create two different experiments, and then see which one produces the best results.	a/b testing	Create an analogy to explain a/b testing (machine learning).
Action is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and improving its performance as it receives feedback.	action	Create an analogy to explain action (machine learning).
The activation function is like a gear in a machine. It takes the input (the gear's teeth) and transforms it into an output (the gear's rotational force).	activation function	Create an analogy to explain activation function (machine learning).
Active learning is like a person being taught how to ride a bike. The person is not just sitting there and being told what to do, but is also actively trying to figure it out themselves. They are getting feedback from the person teaching them and trying to apply it.	active learning	Create an analogy to explain active learning (machine learning).
Adagrad is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to gradient descent, but it uses a moving average of the gradient to reduce the amount of learning in each step.	adagrad	Create an analogy to explain adagrad (machine learning).
Agent learning is similar to a computer program that is designed to learn how to play a game. The program starts by playing the game against itself, and then it gradually learns how to play better and better as it continues to play.	agent	Create an analogy to explain agent (machine learning).
Agglomerative clustering is like sorting a pile of rocks. You start with a big pile of rocks and you start sorting them by size. You take the biggest rock and put it in a pile by itself. You take the next biggest rock and put it in the pile with the biggest rock. You take the next biggest rock and put it in the pile with the other two rocks. You keep sorting the rocks by size and putting them in piles. Eventually, you have a bunch of small piles of rocks.	agglomerative clustering	Create an analogy to explain agglomerative clustering (machine learning).
Anomaly detection is like a security guard at a bank. The security guard is looking for people who are not supposed to be in the bank. These people are called anomalies.	anomaly detection	Create an analogy to explain anomaly detection (machine learning).
Ar is like a computer that is constantly learning. The more data it is given, the better it becomes at predicting outcomes.	ar	Create an analogy to explain ar (machine learning).
The area under the pr curve is similar to the area under a curve on a graph that represents the probability of something happening. Just as the area under the curve can be used to calculate the probability of something happening, the area under the pr curve can be used to calculate the probability of something happening in machine learning.	area under the pr curve	Create an analogy to explain area under the pr curve (machine learning).
The area under the roc curve is similar to the area under a curve on a graph that is used to measure how well a machine learning algorithm is performing. Just as the area under the curve can be used to measure the accuracy of the machine learning algorithm, the roc curve can be used to measure the precision of the machine learning algorithm.	area under the roc curve	Create an analogy to explain area under the roc curve (machine learning).
Artificial general intelligence is like a human brain. It can learn and understand new things on its own, and it can also figure out how to solve problems.	artificial general intelligence	Create an analogy to explain artificial general intelligence (machine learning).
Artificial intelligence is like a toddler. It is new to the world, and is constantly learning and growing. It makes mistakes along the way, but with time and experience, it will get better and better.	artificial intelligence	Create an analogy to explain artificial intelligence (machine learning).
Attention can be thought of as the process of a machine learning algorithm that is able to focus on specific parts of the data in order to learn from it. Just as a human can focus on a specific task or conversation by tuning out distractions, a machine learning algorithm can focus on specific parts of the data in order to learn from it.	attention	Create an analogy to explain attention (machine learning).
AUC is the equivalent of a batting average in baseball. It is a measure of how often a machine learning algorithm correctly predicts the outcome of a classification problem.	auc (area under the roc curve)	Create an analogy to explain auc (area under the roc curve) (machine learning).
Augmented reality is like a teacher. The teacher is always there to help you learn and answer any questions you have. The teacher is always there to help you grow and learn.	augmented reality	Create an analogy to explain augmented reality (machine learning).
The automation bias is a cognitive bias that occurs when people place too much trust in machines. This bias can lead people to make inaccurate decisions based on the information that is provided by the machine.	automation bias	Create an analogy to explain automation bias (machine learning).
The average precision of a machine learning model is the average of the precision scores of the predictions it makes for all the test instances it is evaluated on.	average precision	Create an analogy to explain average precision (machine learning).
Backpropagation is a bit like teaching a child how to read. First, you show them the alphabet and how to put the letters together to form words. Then, you start reading simple stories to them. As they understand the stories, you gradually make them more complex. Backpropagation works in a similar way. First, you teach the computer how to do a task (like recognizing objects in a photo). Then, you gradually make the task more difficult, by adding more objects, or making the objects harder to see. Backpropagation helps the computer learn how to do the task better, by adjusting the “teacher” or “parent” neuron’s output, based on how well the child (or computer) is doing.	backpropagation	Create an analogy to explain backpropagation (machine learning).
A bag of words is a machine learning model that takes a text document as input and produces a list of the words that occur in the document, along with a count of how often each word appears.	bag of words	Create an analogy to explain bag of words (machine learning).
Baseline is like the foundation of a house. It is the starting point and is essential for the stability of the house. In the same way, baseline is essential for the stability of machine learning models. It is the starting point for the model and is used to compare the performance of different models.	baseline	Create an analogy to explain baseline (machine learning).
Batch machine learning is like making a cake. You mix all the ingredients together, put it in the oven, and wait until it's done. You can't really do anything else until the cake is done.	batch	Create an analogy to explain batch (machine learning).
Batch normalization is a technique used in machine learning to reduce the variance of a set of training data. It can be thought of as a way of "flattening" the data so that all of the values are within a certain range. This makes it easier for the machine learning algorithm to learn the patterns in the data.	batch normalization	Create an analogy to explain batch normalization (machine learning).
Batch size is the number of items that are processed at one time by a machine learning algorithm. Just as a batch of items can be processed more efficiently when they are all the same size, a machine learning algorithm can also process data more efficiently when the data is divided into batches of the same size.	batch size	Create an analogy to explain batch size (machine learning).
A bayesian neural network is like a group of people who have never met before, but who are all experts in a particular topic. They are each given a list of facts about a particular subject, and then they use this information to make predictions about new facts.	bayesian neural network	Create an analogy to explain bayesian neural network (machine learning).
Bayesian optimization is like a treasure hunt. You are looking for a valuable treasure, and you want to find it as quickly as possible. You have a map of the area where the treasure is hidden, and you also have a list of clues that will help you find it. Each clue tells you where to look for the treasure, and how likely it is that the treasure is actually there. As you explore the area, you use the clues to guide your search. The more clues you find, the more confident you become that the treasure is actually in that area.	bayesian optimization	Create an analogy to explain bayesian optimization (machine learning).
The bellman equation is a machine learning equation that is used to calculate the value of a function. The equation is used to calculate the best action to take in a given situation in order to achieve the best possible outcome.	bellman equation	Create an analogy to explain bellman equation (machine learning).
Bert is like a machine learning transformer that takes in input data in the form of a sequence of numbers and outputs a sequence of numbers. The input sequence is encoded into a sequence of vectors, and the output sequence is also encoded into a sequence of vectors. Bert can learn to encode and decode the input and output sequences so that the output sequence is a more accurate representation of the input sequence.	bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers)	Create an analogy to explain bert (bidirectional encoder representations from transformers) (machine learning).
Bias in machine learning is similar to bias in humans. Just as humans can be biased against others based on their skin color, ethnicity, or gender, machines can be biased against certain groups of people, too. For example, a machine might be biased against people who live in a certain neighborhood, or who have a certain job.	bias (ethics/fairness)	Create an analogy to explain bias (ethics/fairness) (machine learning).
Bias in math is similar to bias in machine learning in that it is a systematic error in judgment. In math, bias is the difference between the expected value and the actual value. In machine learning, bias is the difference between the predicted value and the actual value.	bias (math)	Create an analogy to explain bias (math) (machine learning).
Bigram is machine learning is like a person is learning a new language. The person starts by learning basic words and phrases. As they learn more, they start to put together words and phrases to create longer sentences. Eventually, they are able to have a conversation in the new language.	bigram	Create an analogy to explain bigram (machine learning).
Bidirectional machine learning can be thought of as a two-way street. Just as cars can drive in both directions on a street, data can flow in both directions between the training and testing datasets. This allows the machine learning algorithm to learn from the data in the testing dataset and improve its predictions.	bidirectional	Create an analogy to explain bidirectional (machine learning).
A bidirectional language model is a machine learning model that can be used to predict both the next word in a text and the text that follows a given word. This type of model can be used to improve the accuracy of predictions made by a machine learning model.	bidirectional language model	Create an analogy to explain bidirectional language model (machine learning).
Binary classification is like sorting a deck of cards. The cards are first divided into two piles, and then each pile is sorted into two more piles. This process is repeated until each card is in its own pile.	binary classification	Create an analogy to explain binary classification (machine learning).
Binning is like sorting a deck of cards. The cards are first sorted by suit, and then by rank.	binning	Create an analogy to explain binning (machine learning).
Bilingual evaluation understudy is like a computer learning how to speak two languages. The computer is given examples of how to say things in both languages, and it gradually learns the correct pronunciation and usage.	bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy)	Create an analogy to explain bleu (bilingual evaluation understudy) (machine learning).
Boosting is a machine learning technique that is used to improve the accuracy of a classifier. It works by iteratively training a model on a set of data, and then using the model to predict the class of new data. The predictions are then used to improve the model, and the process is repeated.	boosting	Create an analogy to explain boosting (machine learning).
A bounding box is like a frame around a picture. It is used to help identify and isolate the object in the picture. In machine learning, a bounding box is used to help identify and isolate the object in a picture (or other data) so that it can be more easily analyzed.	bounding box	Create an analogy to explain bounding box (machine learning).
Broadcasting is like a loudspeaker that amplifies sound so that it can be heard by a large audience. In the same way, broadcasting in machine learning refers to the process of transmitting data to a large number of processors so that they can all work on it in parallel. This makes the process of training a machine learning model much faster.	broadcasting	Create an analogy to explain broadcasting (machine learning).
Bucketing is like sorting a deck of cards. You take all of the cards and put them in a pile. You then take a small number of cards from the top of the pile and put them in another pile. You do this over and over again, until you have only one card left in the first pile. This is the card that is in the bucket.	bucketing	Create an analogy to explain bucketing (machine learning).
A calibration layer in machine learning is similar to the white balance setting on a camera. It helps to ensure that the colors in an image are accurate and consistent.	calibration layer	Create an analogy to explain calibration layer (machine learning).
Candidate generation is similar to how a computer sorts through a list of potential matches in a dating app. The computer looks at all of the potential matches and then starts to narrow down the list by eliminating those who do not meet the criteria that the user has set, such as age, location, and interests. The computer then presents the user with a smaller list of potential matches that are a better fit.	candidate generation	Create an analogy to explain candidate generation (machine learning).
Candidate sampling is like when you go to a grocery store and you are looking for a specific item. You might start by looking in the produce section, and then if you don't find what you're looking for, you might move on to the meat section, and then the dairy section, and so on.	candidate sampling	Create an analogy to explain candidate sampling (machine learning).
Categorical data is like a deck of cards. There are 52 cards in a deck, and each card has a unique value. The value of a card can be anything from 2 to 10, or a face card. There are also 4 suits in a deck of cards: clubs, diamonds, hearts, and spades. Just like there are 52 cards in a deck, there are 52 unique values that can be assigned to a categorical variable.	categorical data	Create an analogy to explain categorical data (machine learning).
A causal language model is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the next word in a text sequence. It is similar to a traditional language model, except that it takes into account the causal relationships between words. This allows it to make better predictions, especially in cases where the next word is not included in the training data.	causal language model	Create an analogy to explain causal language model (machine learning).
Centroid is like the center of a target. It is the point around which all the other points cluster. In machine learning, the centroid is the point around which all the data points in a dataset cluster.	centroid	Create an analogy to explain centroid (machine learning).
Centroid-based clustering is similar to a person's head being the center of their body. The head is the center of all the body's movement and is the point around which everything else revolves. In the same way, the centroid is the center of all the data in a cluster and is the point around which the data in that cluster moves.	centroid-based clustering	Create an analogy to explain centroid-based clustering (machine learning).
A good analogy for co-adaptation is the way that the human body and brain work together. The body provides the muscles and organs with the energy they need to function, while the brain coordinates and oversees all of the body's activities. In the same way, machine learning algorithms and data work together to improve the accuracy of predictions. The data provides the algorithms with information on how to improve their predictions, while the algorithms use this data to improve the accuracy of future predictions.	co-adaptation	Create an analogy to explain co-adaptation (machine learning).
Collaborative filtering is like a group of people who all know each other well, and who are all experts in different areas. If someone needs advice on a topic, they can go to any of their friends for help. And if one of their friends doesn't know the answer, they can go to another friend who is an expert on that topic.	collaborative filtering	Create an analogy to explain collaborative filtering (machine learning).
Confirmation bias is like a machine learning algorithm that is being "trained" on a set of data. The algorithm is biased towards confirming what it has already been "trained" on, rather than considering other possibilities.	confirmation bias	Create an analogy to explain confirmation bias (machine learning).
Continuous feature (machine learning) can be thought of as a never-ending staircase. The more data you feed the machine learning algorithm, the more finely it can hone its predictions.	continuous feature	Create an analogy to explain continuous feature (machine learning).
Convenience sampling is like when you are at the grocery store and you only pick the items that are easy to reach. This is similar to how machine learning algorithms work because they only use the data that is easy to reach.	convenience sampling	Create an analogy to explain convenience sampling (machine learning).
A convex function is like a ramp. It is easy to go up and down, but it is hard to go sideways.	convex function	Create an analogy to explain convex function (machine learning).
Convex optimization is like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole. You keep trying to make the hole bigger until the peg fits.	convex optimization	Create an analogy to explain convex optimization (machine learning).
A convex set is like a bowl. It has a curved surface and everything inside the bowl is also curved. This makes it easy to scoop up everything in the bowl with one motion.	convex set	Create an analogy to explain convex set (machine learning).
Convolution is like a recipe. It is a set of instructions that tells you how to combine two or more ingredients to create a new dish. In machine learning, convolution is used to combine two or more input features to create a new output feature.	convolution	Create an analogy to explain convolution (machine learning).
A convolutional filter is like a set of sunglasses that alters the way you see the world. The sunglasses filter out certain colors and shapes, and enhance others.	convolutional filter	Create an analogy to explain convolutional filter (machine learning).
A convolutional layer can be thought of as a set of filters that are applied to an input image. The filters are designed to extract features from the image.	convolutional layer	Create an analogy to explain convolutional layer (machine learning).
A convolutional neural network can be thought of as a set of filters that are applied to an input image. The filters are designed to recognize certain features in the image, such as edges or corners. The network can be trained to recognize different features by adjusting the weights of the filters.	convolutional neural network	Create an analogy to explain convolutional neural network (machine learning).
Convolutional operation is similar to the way the human brain processes information. The human brain takes in a lot of information through the senses, and then filters it through the brain's convolutional layers. This allows the brain to focus on the most important information while ignoring the rest.	convolutional operation	Create an analogy to explain convolutional operation (machine learning).
The cost of a machine learning algorithm can be thought of as the price of a good or service. Just as the price of a good or service is determined by the cost of the inputs (e.g. the cost of the materials used to produce the good, or the cost of the labor used to provide the service), the cost of a machine learning algorithm is determined by the cost of the inputs used to train the algorithm. The cost of the inputs can be thought of as the price of the data used to train the algorithm.	cost	Create an analogy to explain cost (machine learning).
Co-training is similar to how a baby learns to speak. The baby hears people speaking and starts to imitate the sounds. Over time, the baby learns to put together the sounds into words and phrases. Co-training is a machine learning technique where two or more neural networks are trained together to recognize patterns.	co-training	Create an analogy to explain co-training (machine learning).
Counterfactual fairness is like a referee in a football game. The referee is unbiased and makes calls that are fair to both teams. This is analogous to how a machine learning algorithm should be fair to both the training data and the test data.	counterfactual fairness	Create an analogy to explain counterfactual fairness (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm may be biased if it is more likely to learn from examples that are from one particular sub-population, rather than from the full population. For example, if a machine learning algorithm is trained on a dataset that is biased towards a particular gender, it may be more likely to learn the characteristics of that gender, rather than the full population.	coverage bias	Create an analogy to explain coverage bias (machine learning).
A crash blossom is a machine learning term that is used to describe a situation where a machine learning algorithm is overfitting on the training data, and as a result, is not able to generalize to new data.An analogy to help explain this concept would be to think of a student who only studies for exams and does not do any extra-curricular learning. This student is likely to do well on exams that are similar to the ones that they have studied for, but will likely not do well on exams that are different from what they have studied for. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm that is overfitting on the training data is likely to do well on data that is similar to the data that it has been trained on, but will not do well on data that is different from the data that it has been trained on.	crash blossom	Create an analogy to explain crash blossom (machine learning).
A critic is a machine learning algorithm that is used to evaluate the performance of other machine learning algorithms. It is used to determine how well a particular algorithm is able to learn from data and to identify any weaknesses that may exist.	critic	Create an analogy to explain critic (machine learning).
Cross-entropy is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm can predict the probability of a particular outcome. It is analogous to the error rate of a human being guessing the outcome of a coin flip.	cross-entropy	Create an analogy to explain cross-entropy (machine learning).
Cross-validation is like a teacher using several tests to determine a student's intelligence. The teacher gives the student a test, then uses the results to determine which questions to give the student on the next test. The teacher repeats this process to get a more accurate measure of the student's intelligence.	cross-validation	Create an analogy to explain cross-validation (machine learning).
Data analysis is like a microscope. It allows you to see what is happening in your data in great detail. You can see the individual pieces and how they are all working together. This can help you to understand what is happening in your data and to find patterns.	data analysis	Create an analogy to explain data analysis (machine learning).
Data augmentation is like adding more ingredients to a recipe in order to make it more flavorful. In the same way, data augmentation helps machine learning algorithms to learn from more data, making the predictions more accurate.	data augmentation	Create an analogy to explain data augmentation (machine learning).
A decision boundary is like a fence. It is a boundary that determines what is allowed in and what is not allowed in.	decision boundary	Create an analogy to explain decision boundary (machine learning).
A decision threshold is like a speed limit. It is the point at which a machine learning algorithm decides whether or not to take an action.	decision threshold	Create an analogy to explain decision threshold (machine learning).
A decision tree is like a flowchart that helps you make a decision. It works like this: you ask a question, and then based on the answer to that question, you ask another question. This process continues until you reach a decision.	decision tree	Create an analogy to explain decision tree (machine learning).
Deep learning is like teaching a child to read. At first, you start with teaching them the alphabet. Once they know the alphabet, you can start teaching them how to read words. Once they know how to read words, you can start teaching them how to read sentences. And finally, you can start teaching them how to read books.	deep model	Create an analogy to explain deep model (machine learning).
A decoder is a machine learning algorithm that is used to decode a compressed representation of a data set into the original data set. The decoder is similar to a compressor in that it takes a compressed representation of a data set and produces the original data set. However, the decoder is different from the compressor in that it is able to reconstruct the data set even if the compressed representation is not perfect.	decoder	Create an analogy to explain decoder (machine learning).
Deep neural networks are a bit like the human brain. They are made up of many layers of interconnected neurons, and each neuron can process a lot of information. This allows deep neural networks to learn complex patterns and make accurate predictions.	deep neural network	Create an analogy to explain deep neural network (machine learning).
Deep q-network (dqn) is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to a deep neural network, except that it is specifically designed to learn how to play games.	deep q-network (dqn)	Create an analogy to explain deep q-network (dqn) (machine learning).
Demographic parity is like a machine that is finely tuned and calibrated. It is able to achieve the desired results by using the right amount of force and precision.	demographic parity	Create an analogy to explain demographic parity (machine learning).
Denoising is like cleaning up a messy room. You are trying to get rid of all the noise so that you can see the true picture.	denoising	Create an analogy to explain denoising (machine learning).
Dense feature is similar to a dense forest. A dense forest is full of trees, and it is difficult to see through the forest to the other side. Similarly, dense feature is full of features, and it is difficult to see through the feature to the other side.	dense feature	Create an analogy to explain dense feature (machine learning).
Dense layer is a bit like a brick wall. The bricks are all close together so there is very little space in between them. This means that the wall is very strong and can withstand a lot of pressure.	dense layer	Create an analogy to explain dense layer (machine learning).
Depth in machine learning is similar to the depth of field in photography. Just as with photography, the greater the depth of field, the more of the photograph is in focus. In machine learning, depth is a measure of how much of the data is used to train the model. The greater the depth, the more data is used to train the model, and the more accurate the model will be.	depth	Create an analogy to explain depth (machine learning).
A depthwise separable convolutional neural network is like a group of people who are each looking at a different part of a painting. They can all see different parts of the painting, and they can all see the painting as a whole.	depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn)	Create an analogy to explain depthwise separable convolutional neural network (sepcnn) (machine learning).
Dimension reduction is like when you are cleaning your room and you put all of your clothes into one pile. You can then see what clothes you need to wear and what clothes you don't need to wear. Dimension reduction is when you reduce the number of dimensions in your data so that you can see the important features.	dimension reduction	Create an analogy to explain dimension reduction (machine learning).
Dimensions are like the different parts of a machine. The different parts all work together to make the machine work. The dimensions are like the different parts of a machine that all work together to make the machine work.	dimensions	Create an analogy to explain dimensions (machine learning).
A discrete feature is like a single pixel in an image. Just as a single pixel can't tell you much about the image as a whole, a single discrete feature can't tell you much about the data. However, by combining a lot of discrete features, you can start to get a sense of the overall structure of the data.	discrete feature	Create an analogy to explain discrete feature (machine learning).
A discriminative model is like a person who can see the difference between a cat and a dog. The person can look at a picture of a cat and a dog and say which one is a cat and which one is a dog. A discriminative model can look at a picture of a cat and a dog and say which one is more likely to be a cat or a dog.	discriminative model	Create an analogy to explain discriminative model (machine learning).
A discriminator is a machine learning algorithm that is used to distinguish between two classes of objects, similar to how a human can distinguish between a dog and a cat. The discriminator is trained on a set of data that is divided into two classes, and it is then used to identify which class an object belongs to.	discriminator	Create an analogy to explain discriminator (machine learning).
Disparate impact is like a machine learning algorithm. The algorithm is designed to learn from data and identify patterns. However, sometimes the algorithm will produce inaccurate results, just like disparate impact can produce inaccurate results. The key is to identify when the algorithm is inaccurate and correct it, just like we need to identify when disparate impact is inaccurate and correct it.	disparate impact	Create an analogy to explain disparate impact (machine learning).
Disparate treatment is like a machine learning algorithm that is being taught to recognize objects. The algorithm is shown a number of different objects, some of which are labeled as "objects A" and some of which are labeled as "objects B". The algorithm is then tested on a new set of objects, some of which are labeled as "objects A" and some of which are labeled as "objects B". However, some of the objects in the new set are not labeled, and the algorithm is supposed to determine which category (A or B) each object belongs to. The algorithm does this by analyzing the features of each object and comparing them to the features of the objects that were labeled as "A" or "B". If the algorithm determines that an object has a feature that is more common in the objects that were labeled as "A", then it will classify the object as an "A".	disparate treatment	Create an analogy to explain disparate treatment (machine learning).
One way to think of divisive clustering is to imagine that you are at a party and that you are trying to group together all of the people who are wearing red shirts. You would start by standing in the middle of the room and looking around. You would then notice that there are two groups of people wearing red shirts. One group is standing over by the door, and the other group is standing by the window. You would then walk over to the group of people by the door and ask them to come over to the middle of the room. Once they are all together, you would then ask the group of people by the window to come over to the middle of the room. Once they are all together, you would then have two groups of people who are wearing red shirts.	divisive clustering	Create an analogy to explain divisive clustering (machine learning).
Downsampling is like when you are looking at a picture on your phone and you zoom in. The more you zoom in, the more detail you can see. Downsampling is like when you zoom out on the picture, so you can see the whole picture at once.	downsampling	Create an analogy to explain downsampling (machine learning).
DQN is like a human brain. It is able to learn and improve over time.	dqn	Create an analogy to explain dqn (machine learning).
Early stopping is like a person who is learning to drive a car. They start by driving in a straight line in a parking lot. Once they are comfortable with that, they move on to driving on a highway. Once they are comfortable with that, they may start driving in a city. The person stops learning once they are comfortable with all of these different environments.	early stopping	Create an analogy to explain early stopping (machine learning).
Earth mover's distance is a measure of how different two probability distributions are. It is similar to the Euclidean distance, but takes into account the probability of each point. This makes it better suited for measuring the difference between distributions that are not necessarily symmetrical.	earth mover's distance (emd)	Create an analogy to explain earth mover's distance (emd) (machine learning).
Embeddings are a bit like a map. Just as a map can help you find your way around an unfamiliar city, embeddings can help a machine learning algorithm find patterns in data that it wouldn't be able to see otherwise.	embeddings	Create an analogy to explain embeddings (machine learning).
Embedding space is like a map. It takes a bunch of points (like cities on a map) and connects them together with lines (like roads on a map). The points are the data and the lines are the embedding.	embedding space	Create an analogy to explain embedding space (machine learning).
Empirical risk minimization is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and trying to minimize the error in its predictions. It is constantly adjusting its predictions based on the data that it has seen so far.	empirical risk minimization (erm)	Create an analogy to explain empirical risk minimization (erm) (machine learning).
Encoder is like a teacher. It helps to understand the concept and make sure the learner is on the right track.	encoder	Create an analogy to explain encoder (machine learning).
An ensemble is a group of musicians who play together. The different instruments and voices create a fuller, richer sound than if each musician played alone. In the same way, a machine learning ensemble uses multiple models to make better predictions than any individual model can.	ensemble	Create an analogy to explain ensemble (machine learning).
The environment is like a teacher. The teacher provides feedback to the student on how well they are doing. The environment also provides feedback on how the student can improve.	environment	Create an analogy to explain environment (machine learning).
Episode is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and adapting to its surroundings. Just as the algorithm is constantly learning, so too is the machine learning episode model constantly learning and adapting to the user's behavior.	episode	Create an analogy to explain episode (machine learning).
The epsilon greedy policy is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to the greedy algorithm, but it allows for a small amount of randomness or exploration in order to avoid getting stuck in a local optimum. This analogy would be like a person who is trying to find the best route to get to a destination. They will start off by choosing the most obvious route, but if they find that this route is not the best, they will then try a different route that is a little bit more random.	epsilon greedy policy	Create an analogy to explain epsilon greedy policy (machine learning).
Equality of opportunity is like a machine learning algorithm that is able to learn at a fast pace and improve its performance over time. Just as the machine learning algorithm gets better with experience, so too does society become more equal when everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed.	equality of opportunity	Create an analogy to explain equality of opportunity (machine learning).
If you think of a machine learning algorithm as a black box, you can think of the odds of an event as being equalized when the algorithm is able to predict the event with the same degree of certainty, regardless of the input. In other words, the algorithm is able to make the same prediction, regardless of the data it is given.	equalized odds	Create an analogy to explain equalized odds (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a computer program that is able to learn how to do things on its own by analyzing data. It is similar to how a human baby learns to walk and talk. The baby observes what people do and then tries to do the same thing.	example	Create an analogy to explain example (machine learning).
Experience replay is like a person watching a movie. The person watches the movie again and again, each time taking in different details and learning something new.	experience replay	Create an analogy to explain experience replay (machine learning).
The experimenter's bias is similar to the bias a person has when they are using a machine learning algorithm. The person is biased towards the results that the machine learning algorithm produces. This means that they are more likely to believe that the machine learning algorithm is correct, even if it is not.	experimenter's bias	Create an analogy to explain experimenter's bias (machine learning).
The gradient problem in machine learning is similar to the problem of a dam bursting. The gradient problem is when the gradient of the loss function (the slope of the line between the loss function and the current point on the function) becomes too large, and the machine learning algorithm begins to oscillate (explode) around the current point. This can cause the machine learning algorithm to get stuck in a local minimum, rather than finding the global minimum.	exploding gradient problem	Create an analogy to explain exploding gradient problem (machine learning).
A fairness constraint is like a speed limit on a road. It is a limit on how fast data can be processed in order to ensure that all data is treated equally.	fairness constraint	Create an analogy to explain fairness constraint (machine learning).
A fairness metric is like a ruler. It is used to measure how fair a machine learning algorithm is.	fairness metric	Create an analogy to explain fairness metric (machine learning).
Federated learning can be thought of as a distributed version of machine learning. In federated learning, a group of machines (or devices) work together to learn a task, rather than having a single machine learn the task. This can be helpful in cases where data is distributed across multiple machines (or devices), and it can also help to improve privacy, as data is not shared with a central server.	federated learning	Create an analogy to explain federated learning (machine learning).
A feedback loop is like a thermostat in your home. The thermostat reads the temperature and then sends a signal to the furnace to turn on or off. The furnace then sends a signal to the thermostat to let it know how hot or cold it is. This feedback loop continues until the temperature is what the thermostat is set to.	feedback loop	Create an analogy to explain feedback loop (machine learning).
A feedforward neural network is a bit like a human brain. The ffN has a number of input neurons (just like our eyes, ears, nose and skin), which take in information from the environment. This information is processed by the ffN and passed on to a number of hidden neurons. The hidden neurons then process the information and pass it on to the output neurons, which then produce the desired response.	feedforward neural network (ffn)	Create an analogy to explain feedforward neural network (ffn) (machine learning).
Few-shot learning is similar to teaching a child how to recognize a few letters of the alphabet. After the child is taught how to recognize a few letters, they can then start to put together words.	few-shot learning	Create an analogy to explain few-shot learning (machine learning).
Fine tuning a machine learning algorithm is similar to tuning a car engine. You want to find the right balance of fuel and air so that the engine runs smoothly and efficiently. You also want to make sure that the engine is properly lubricated so that it doesn't overheat. The same is true for machine learning algorithms. You want to find the right balance of data and algorithms so that the machine learning algorithm runs smoothly and efficiently. You also want to make sure that the machine learning algorithm is properly lubricated so that it doesn't overheat.	fine tuning	Create an analogy to explain fine tuning (machine learning).
Forget gate is like a trash can for the computer. It is a way to delete information that is no longer needed.	forget gate	Create an analogy to explain forget gate (machine learning).
A full softmax is a machine learning algorithm that is used to calculate the probability of each possible outcome in a given situation. It is similar to a normal softmax, but takes into account the fact that some outcomes may be more likely than others. This allows the algorithm to more accurately predict the most likely outcome for a given situation.	full softmax	Create an analogy to explain full softmax (machine learning).
A fully connected layer in machine learning is similar to a human brain. The layer has a large number of neurons (or processing units) that are all connected to each other. This allows the layer to process information in a more complex way, similar to how the human brain can process information.	fully connected layer	Create an analogy to explain fully connected layer (machine learning).
GAN is a bit like learning to drive a car. At first it is difficult and you make a lot of mistakes, but with practice it becomes easier and you can do it without thinking about it.	gan	Create an analogy to explain gan (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in an input (a set of data points) and outputs a prediction. The prediction is a function of the input data, but it is also affected by the algorithm's parameters (e.g. the number of layers in a neural network, the size of a training set, etc.). The algorithm "learns" by adjusting its parameters so that its predictions improve over time.	generalization	Create an analogy to explain generalization (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a function that takes in a set of training data and outputs a model. The model is a representation of the data that can be used to make predictions on new data. As the number of training examples increases, the model becomes more accurate. This is illustrated by the generalization curve, which shows how the accuracy of the model improves as the number of training examples increases.	generalization curve	Create an analogy to explain generalization curve (machine learning).
A generalized linear model is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the probability of an event occurring. It is similar to a neural network in that it is able to learn and adapt over time.	generalized linear model	Create an analogy to explain generalized linear model (machine learning).
GAN is a bit like a game of poker. There are two players - a generator and a discriminator. The generator is trying to create fake data that looks real to the discriminator, and the discriminator is trying to spot the fake data. The game keeps going until the generator can create data that the discriminator can't tell is fake.	generative adversarial network (gan)	Create an analogy to explain generative adversarial network (gan) (machine learning).
A generative model is like a recipe for a cake. You can use the recipe to make a cake yourself, or you can use it to generate a new cake recipe. A generative model is also like a tool for making a cake. You can use the tool to make a cake yourself, or you can use it to generate a new cake tool.	generative model	Create an analogy to explain generative model (machine learning).
A generator is a machine learning algorithm that is used to create new data samples. It is similar to a random number generator, which is used to create random numbers.	generator	Create an analogy to explain generator (machine learning).
gpt is like a machine learning "paintbrush." It can be used to create AI models that are able to learn and generalize from data in a way that traditional machine learning algorithms cannot.	gpt (generative pre-trained transformer)	Create an analogy to explain gpt (generative pre-trained transformer) (machine learning).
Gradient is like a staircase. The more you learn, the more you can climb.	gradient	Create an analogy to explain gradient (machine learning).
Gradient clipping is like clipping your fingernails. You clip them so they are even and don't stick out. This makes them look neater and more uniform.	gradient clipping	Create an analogy to explain gradient clipping (machine learning).
A greedy policy in machine learning is similar to a person who is always looking to get the most out of every situation. This person is always looking for the best deal and will take any opportunity to make more money. Similarly, a greedy policy in machine learning is always looking for the best way to improve its performance. It will take any opportunity to learn more and make more accurate predictions.	greedy policy	Create an analogy to explain greedy policy (machine learning).
Ground truth is like a teacher's lesson plan. It is a set of instructions that outlines what is to be learned and how it is to be learned. The ground truth is the truth that the teacher is trying to impart to the students.	ground truth	Create an analogy to explain ground truth (machine learning).
Group attribution bias is similar to a machine learning algorithm that is being "trained" on a set of data. The algorithm is biased towards recognizing patterns in the data that are similar to the patterns that it has already been exposed to. In the same way, people tend to be biased towards attributing the behavior of a group to the characteristics of the individuals within the group, rather than to external factors.	group attribution bias	Create an analogy to explain group attribution bias (machine learning).
Hashing is like a fingerprint. Just as each person has a unique fingerprint, each piece of data has a unique hash. When you want to find a specific piece of data, you can use the hash to quickly locate it.	hashing	Create an analogy to explain hashing (machine learning).
Heuristic is machine learning is like a person learning from experience. For example, a person may learn that if they touch a hot stove, they will get burned. So, the next time they are in the kitchen and see a stove, they will know to avoid it.	heuristic	Create an analogy to explain heuristic (machine learning).
Hidden layer is like a filter in photography. It is a layer of software that is used to improve the accuracy of the results of a machine learning algorithm.	hidden layer	Create an analogy to explain hidden layer (machine learning).
Hierarchical clustering is like sorting a deck of cards. The cards are first divided into two piles, then each pile is divided into two more piles, and so on. At the end, there are 52 piles, one for each card in the deck.	hierarchical clustering	Create an analogy to explain hierarchical clustering (machine learning).
Hinge loss is similar to a door hinge. If the hinge is loose, the door will not close properly. In the same way, if the hinge loss is too high, the machine learning algorithm will not be able to learn the desired pattern.	hinge loss	Create an analogy to explain hinge loss (machine learning).
A holdout set is a set of data that is not used in the training of a machine learning algorithm, but is used to evaluate the accuracy of the algorithm. It is analogous to a human being who is not used in the training of a machine learning algorithm, but is used to evaluate the accuracy of the algorithm.	holdout data	Create an analogy to explain holdout data (machine learning).
Hyperparameters are like the knobs and dials on a machine. They are the settings that you can change to affect the behavior of the machine. In machine learning, hyperparameters are the settings that you can change to affect the behavior of the learning algorithm.	hyperparameter	Create an analogy to explain hyperparameter (machine learning).
A hyperplane is like a straight line in mathematics. It is a flat plane that goes through a set of points. In machine learning, a hyperplane can be used to separate two groups of data.	hyperplane	Create an analogy to explain hyperplane (machine learning).
I.i.d. is like a vending machine. It is a predictable machine that always follows the same pattern. You put in a coin, press a button, and out comes a snack. I.i.d. is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict future events based on past events.	i.i.d.	Create an analogy to explain i.i.d. (machine learning).
Image recognition is a bit like how humans learn to identify objects. We see a lot of different things in our lives, and over time we learn to associate certain features with certain objects. For example, we might see a dog and learn that it has a certain shape, size, and color. We might also learn that it barks, wags its tail, and eats meat. Image recognition algorithms work in a similar way. They are shown a lot of different images, and they learn to associate certain features with certain objects.	image recognition	Create an analogy to explain image recognition (machine learning).
A dataset is imbalanced when one class is much more common than the other. This is often the case when the majority class is easier to predict than the minority class. An analogy for this would be to imagine trying to predict whether a person will vote for a particular candidate. It would be much easier to predict if someone would vote for the candidate if they were a member of the majority party, than if they were a member of the minority party.	imbalanced dataset	Create an analogy to explain imbalanced dataset (machine learning).
Implicit bias is like a computer virus. It's a hidden program that runs in the background and affects our behavior without our knowledge or consent.	implicit bias	Create an analogy to explain implicit bias (machine learning).
Incompatibility of fairness metrics in machine learning can be analogized to two people trying to use the same set of weights to balance a see-saw. Even if both people use the same weights, they will not be able to balance the see-saw because their weights are not compatible. In the same way, two different fairness metrics will not be able to agree on what is fair because they are not compatible.	incompatibility of fairness metrics	Create an analogy to explain incompatibility of fairness metrics (machine learning).
I.i.d is like a bunch of ducks in a row. They are all the same, and they all move in the same way.	independently and identically distributed (i.i.d)	Create an analogy to explain independently and identically distributed (i.i.d) (machine learning).
In machine learning, individual fairness means that each individual is treated the same, regardless of their personal characteristics. This is important because it ensures that everyone is given an equal opportunity to succeed, and that no one is unfairly treated.	individual fairness	Create an analogy to explain individual fairness (machine learning).
Inference is like a detective coming to a crime scene. The detective looks at the clues (evidence) and tries to figure out what happened. Inference is also like a scientist who is doing experiments. The scientist looks at the data from the experiments and tries to figure out what is happening.	inference	Create an analogy to explain inference (machine learning).
In-group bias is similar to the way a machine learning algorithm can be biased to learn certain things more easily. Just as the algorithm can be biased to learn certain things more easily, people can be biased to favor things that are similar to them (the in-group) and be less likely to favor things that are different from them (the out-group).	in-group bias	Create an analogy to explain in-group bias (machine learning).
The input layer is like the foundation of a house. It is the layer that provides the structure for everything else that follows. In the same way, the input layer is the foundation of a machine learning model. It is responsible for providing the data that is used to train the model.	input layer	Create an analogy to explain input layer (machine learning).
Interpretability is like being able to read a book. You can understand the story without having to know all the details of how the words are put together.	interpretability	Create an analogy to explain interpretability (machine learning).
Inter-rater agreement is like two people agreeing on a movie they both watched. They both have their own opinion of the movie, but they both came to the same conclusion about what they thought of it.	inter-rater agreement	Create an analogy to explain inter-rater agreement (machine learning).
Intersection over union (iou) is like a Venn diagram. The intersection is the area where two circles overlap, and the union is the area where the two circles are combined. In machine learning, the intersection is the set of data that is common to both training data and test data, and the union is the set of data that is included in both training data and test data.	intersection over union (iou)	Create an analogy to explain intersection over union (iou) (machine learning).
IOU is like a computer learning how to read and write. At first, it is very difficult and the computer makes a lot of mistakes. But with practice, it gets better and better at it.	iou	Create an analogy to explain iou (machine learning).
Item matrix is similar to a spreadsheet. It is a table that stores data in rows and columns. The data in each cell can be a number, text, or a formula.	item matrix	Create an analogy to explain item matrix (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a computer. It can be taught to do things by being shown examples.	items	Create an analogy to explain items (machine learning).
Iteration is like a machine learning a new skill. The first time you try it, you might not be very good at it. But if you keep practicing, you'll get better and better.	iteration	Create an analogy to explain iteration (machine learning).
Keras is like a recipe for a cake. It provides all the instructions you need to create a cake, but it's up to you to follow the recipe and put in the ingredients. Keras provides the instructions for creating a machine learning model, but it's up to you to provide the data and the code to actually create the model.	keras	Create an analogy to explain keras (machine learning).
An analogy to explain keypoints would be to say that they are like the fingerprints of an image. Just as each person has a unique fingerprint, each image has its own unique keypoints. By identifying these keypoints, you can more easily identify and track specific images.	keypoints	Create an analogy to explain keypoints (machine learning).
Kernel support vector machines (ksvms) are a type of machine learning algorithm that are used to predict the probability of an event occurring. They work by using a kernel function to map the input data into a higher dimensional space, where the data is easier to work with. The ksvms then use a variety of techniques to find the best fitting line or surface to the data.	kernel support vector machines (ksvms)	Create an analogy to explain kernel support vector machines (ksvms) (machine learning).
K-means is a machine learning algorithm that is used to partition data into clusters. It is similar to the way that a human would group objects together. For example, a human might group all of the books together on a shelf, or group all of the pencils together on a desk.	k-means	Create an analogy to explain k-means (machine learning).
K-median is like a map that helps you find the best route to your destination. The map takes into account all the possible routes and tells you which one is the shortest.	k-median	Create an analogy to explain k-median (machine learning).
L1 loss is like a weight loss program. It is a measure of how much weight you have lost relative to the amount of weight you want to lose.	l1 loss	Create an analogy to explain l1 loss (machine learning).
L1 regularization can be thought of as a way of “shrinking” a vector of coefficients in a linear regression model. In other words, it is a way of penalizing coefficients that are too large (or too small). This has the effect of making the model more stable and less likely to overfit the data.	l1 regularization	Create an analogy to explain l1 regularization (machine learning).
Loss in machine learning can be thought of as the difference between the predicted value and the actual value. This difference is also known as the error. In order to reduce this error, we can use a technique called gradient descent.	l2 loss	Create an analogy to explain l2 loss (machine learning).
L2 regularization can be thought of as a technique for “shrinking” a model’s parameters. Just as physical objects can be shrunk by heating them until they collapse, the parameters of a model can be shrunk by adding a regularization term to the optimization objective. This regularization term penalizes models for having large parameter values, which encourages them to become more compact.	l2 regularization	Create an analogy to explain l2 regularization (machine learning).
Labeled example is like a recipe. It is a set of instructions that tells you how to make something. In machine learning, a labeled example is a set of data that has been labeled with the correct answer. For example, if you are learning how to make a cake, you might have a recipe that tells you to put 2 cups of sugar, 1 cup of flour, and 1/2 cup of butter in a bowl and mix them together. This would be an example of a labeled example.	labeled example	Create an analogy to explain labeled example (machine learning).
Lamda is like a teacher. It helps you learn how to have conversations.	lamda (language model for dialogue applications)	Create an analogy to explain lamda (language model for dialogue applications) (machine learning).
Lambda is a machine learning technique that is similar to a neural network. It is used to find patterns in data and to make predictions.	lambda	Create an analogy to explain lambda (machine learning).
Landmarks are like signposts in the wilderness. They are useful for navigation, as they indicate the location of a particular place. In the same way, landmarks in machine learning are useful for navigation, as they indicate the location of a particular learning algorithm or technique.	landmarks	Create an analogy to explain landmarks (machine learning).
A language model is a bit like a dictionary. It is a collection of words and their definitions. A machine learning algorithm can use a language model to help it learn how to predict the next word in a sentence.	language model	Create an analogy to explain language model (machine learning).
A large language model is like a dictionary. It can be used to look up the definition of a word, or to find all the words that are similar to a given word.	large language model	Create an analogy to explain large language model (machine learning).
Least squares regression is like a teacher trying to help a student learn a new skill. The teacher adjusts their teaching method based on how well the student is doing. If the student is struggling, the teacher adjusts their teaching method to help the student learn. If the student is doing well, the teacher adjusts their teaching method to help the student learn even better.	least squares regression	Create an analogy to explain least squares regression (machine learning).
Linear model is like a train. It starts from one point and moves in a straight line until it reaches its destination. The distance it travels is determined by the speed at which it moves and the length of the track.	linear model	Create an analogy to explain linear model (machine learning).
Linear regression is like a slide ruler. It is a simple way to measure linear distances between points.	linear regression	Create an analogy to explain linear regression (machine learning).
Logistic regression is a machine learning technique used to predict the probability of a particular event occurring, similar to how a mathematician uses calculus to predict the probability of an event occurring in the future. Just as calculus can help a mathematician understand the likelihood of an event occurring at a certain point in time, logistic regression can help a machine learning algorithm understand the likelihood of an event occurring given a certain set of input data.	logistic regression	Create an analogy to explain logistic regression (machine learning).
Logits are like the odds of something happening. For example, the odds of flipping a coin and it landing on heads is 1/2. This means that if you flip a coin 100 times, there is a 50% chance that it will land on heads.	logits	Create an analogy to explain logits (machine learning).
Log loss is a bit like a bank robber. It is a measure of how successful your machine learning algorithm is at predicting the correct outcome. Just as the bank robber wants to get away with as much money as possible, you want your machine learning algorithm to make as few mistakes as possible. The lower the log loss, the more successful your algorithm is.	log loss	Create an analogy to explain log loss (machine learning).
Log-odds is similar to the odds of winning a game of chance. Just as the odds of winning a game of chance can be expressed as a number (e.g. 1 in 6), the log-odds of a particular event can be expressed as a number. The log-odds of an event is the logarithm of the odds of the event.	log-odds	Create an analogy to explain log-odds (machine learning).
LSTM is a bit like a bicycle. It can remember how to ride itself even if it hasn't been ridden in a while. It can also remember how to ride a bicycle even if it has never been ridden before.	long short-term memory (lstm)	Create an analogy to explain long short-term memory (lstm) (machine learning).
The loss curve is similar to the learning curve in that it illustrates how a machine learning algorithm improves its performance as it gains more experience. The loss curve shows the average loss (measured in terms of error) that the algorithm experiences as it trains on different datasets. It typically starts off high and then gradually decreases as the algorithm becomes more accurate.	loss curve	Create an analogy to explain loss curve (machine learning).
Loss surface can be thought of as a topographical map. The height of each point on the map corresponds to the loss value for a particular set of training data. The map can be used to visualize the relationship between different loss values and the corresponding models.	loss surface	Create an analogy to explain loss surface (machine learning).
Lstm is like a bicycle. It can be used to get from point A to point B, but it can also be used to do tricks.	lstm	Create an analogy to explain lstm (machine learning).
A majority class is a machine learning algorithm that can identify a pattern in a data set by finding the majority class among a group of classes. For example, if you are trying to identify a pattern in a data set of pictures of animals, the majority class algorithm would identify the pattern by finding the most common animal among all the pictures.	majority class	Create an analogy to explain majority class (machine learning).
A Markov decision process (MDP) is a decision theory tool used in machine learning. It can be thought of as a process that models a decision maker's beliefs about the world, and the consequences of their actions, in order to find the best course of action.MDPs can be used to model a wide variety of situations, including but not limited to: financial investments, robot navigation, game playing, and controlling a manufacturing process.	markov decision process (mdp)	Create an analogy to explain markov decision process (mdp) (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a Markov chain, where the input is a sequence of data points, and the output is a sequence of predictions. The Markov chain is initialized with the first data point, and then it transitions to the next data point based on the prediction of the current data point.	markov property	Create an analogy to explain markov property (machine learning).
A masked language model is like a person who can speak more than one language. The person can understand and speak both languages, but when they are speaking one language, they mask their ability to speak the other language.	masked language model	Create an analogy to explain masked language model (machine learning).
Matplotlib is a machine learning library that is used to create graphs and plots. It is similar to Excel in that it allows you to create graphs and charts to visualize your data.	matplotlib	Create an analogy to explain matplotlib (machine learning).
Matrix factorization is similar to cleaning a room. You have a lot of clutter in the room and you need to clean it up so you can see the floor. You start by taking out the big pieces of furniture and then you start cleaning up the smaller pieces. Once the room is clean, you can see the floor and you can start to put the furniture back in place.	matrix factorization	Create an analogy to explain matrix factorization (machine learning).
Meta-learning is like teaching a computer how to learn. You are not teaching it specific things, but how to learn and get better on its own.	meta-learning	Create an analogy to explain meta-learning (machine learning).
Metrics API is like a car's dashboard. It tells you how the car is performing and how you can improve it.	metrics api (tf.metrics)	Create an analogy to explain metrics api (tf.metrics) (machine learning).
Mini-batch machine learning is similar to how a baker might make a small batch of cookies instead of making one large batch. By doing this, the baker can more easily adjust the recipe as needed and also get a sense for how the cookies are turning out sooner. This allows for more timely feedback and better cookies in the end.In the same way, mini-batch machine learning allows for more timely feedback and better predictions. It does this by splitting up the data into smaller batches and then training a model on each batch. This allows for more iterations and a better model.	mini-batch	Create an analogy to explain mini-batch (machine learning).
Mini-batch stochastic gradient descent is like a person walking up a flight of stairs. Each step is a mini-batch of data, and the person takes a step up the stairs (i.e. performs a gradient descent) after every mini-batch.	mini-batch stochastic gradient descent	Create an analogy to explain mini-batch stochastic gradient descent (machine learning).
Minimax loss is like a game of chess. The goal is to minimize your losses while maximizing your opponent's losses.	minimax loss	Create an analogy to explain minimax loss (machine learning).
A minority class in machine learning is similar to a minority group in the real world. Just as there are different minority groups, there are also different minority classes in machine learning. These classes are typically smaller in size than the majority class and can be more difficult to identify. However, they are just as important to consider when training a machine learning algorithm.	minority class	Create an analogy to explain minority class (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a computer program that can learn how to do things on its own by analyzing data. It is similar to how a human baby learns to walk and talk. The baby observes people around it and tries to imitate what it sees. The machine learning program does the same thing with data.	ml	Create an analogy to explain ml (machine learning).
Mnist is machine learning is like teaching a child how to read. You show them a few letters, and then gradually add more until they can read fluently. With machine learning, you show the computer a few examples of what you want it to learn, and then gradually add more until it can learn on its own.	mnist	Create an analogy to explain mnist (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a computer program that is constantly learning and updating its knowledge base. It is like a human that is constantly learning and updating their knowledge base.	modality	Create an analogy to explain modality (machine learning).
A model capacity can be thought of as the number of items a machine can process at one time. Just as a person can only do so many things at once, a machine can only handle a certain number of items before it becomes overwhelmed. Increasing the model capacity allows the machine to handle more items at once, which can lead to faster processing times.	model capacity	Create an analogy to explain model capacity (machine learning).
Model parallelism is similar to having multiple processors working on a problem at the same time. This can be done by splitting the data set into multiple parts and having each processor work on a different part, or by having multiple processors working on the same part of the data set.	model parallelism	Create an analogy to explain model parallelism (machine learning).
Model training is like teaching a child how to ride a bike. You provide them with instructions and guidance, and then observe and help them as they practice. Over time, they learn how to ride the bike on their own.	model training	Create an analogy to explain model training (machine learning).
Momentum is like a snowball rolling down a hill. The faster it rolls, the more momentum it builds up, and the harder it is to stop.	momentum	Create an analogy to explain momentum (machine learning).
Multi-class classification is similar to sorting a deck of cards. The cards are first divided into different suits, and then each suit is divided into different ranks.	multi-class classification	Create an analogy to explain multi-class classification (machine learning).
Multi-class logistic regression is similar to a multiple choice test. The algorithm is trying to determine which answer is the best fit for the question.	multi-class logistic regression	Create an analogy to explain multi-class logistic regression (machine learning).
Multi-head self-attention is similar to a human brain. The human brain has multiple regions that attend to different stimuli in the environment. Similarly, the multi-head self-attention mechanism in machine learning has multiple "heads" that attend to different parts of the input data. This allows the machine learning algorithm to learn more effectively from data.	multi-head self-attention	Create an analogy to explain multi-head self-attention (machine learning).
Multimodal model (machine learning) can be explained as an example of a person who can fluently speak more than one language. Just as this person can easily switch between languages, the multimodal model can easily switch between different modes of learning (e.g. visual, auditory, kinesthetic).	multimodal model	Create an analogy to explain multimodal model (machine learning).
Multinomial classification is similar to a game of bingo. In bingo, there are a number of different possible outcomes (e.g. "number 1", "number 2", "number 3", etc.), and each outcome has a certain probability of occurring. The goal of the game is to mark off as many outcomes as possible, and the player who marks off the most outcomes wins.Multinomial classification is similar to bingo in that there are a number of different possible outcomes, and each outcome has a certain probability of occurring. The goal of multinomial classification is to mark off as many outcomes as possible, and the player who marks off the most outcomes wins.	multinomial classification	Create an analogy to explain multinomial classification (machine learning).
Multinomial regression is similar to a person predicting the outcome of a horse race. The person might have a good idea of how each horse is likely to perform, but there is always some uncertainty. In the same way, multinomial regression can help predict the likelihood of different outcomes, but there is always some uncertainty.	multinomial regression	Create an analogy to explain multinomial regression (machine learning).
Nan traps are like a net that is used to catch small fish. The net is made of fine mesh and the holes in the mesh are very small, so only the small fish can get through. The net is thrown into the water and the small fish are caught in the net.	nan trap	Create an analogy to explain nan trap (machine learning).
Machine learning can be thought of as a computer’s ability to understand human language. Just as humans learn to understand new words and phrases as they are introduced into their language, a machine learning algorithm can be taught to understand the meaning of new words and phrases by being exposed to a large number of examples.	natural language understanding	Create an analogy to explain natural language understanding (machine learning).
A negative class in machine learning is similar to a group of people who are bad at a game. The negative class is used to help improve the accuracy of a machine learning algorithm by teaching it what not to do.	negative class	Create an analogy to explain negative class (machine learning).
A neural network is a bit like the human brain. It can learn how to do things by example, just like we do.	neural network	Create an analogy to explain neural network (machine learning).
A neuron is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to a neuron in the brain. It can be used to learn and recognize patterns in data.	neuron	Create an analogy to explain neuron (machine learning).
N-gram is machine learning is like a person learning a new language. The person starts by learning basic words and phrases. Then, they learn how to put these words and phrases together to form sentences. Finally, they learn how to use these sentences to communicate with others.	n-gram	Create an analogy to explain n-gram (machine learning).
Nlu is machine learning is like a human brain. The human brain can learn and understand new things by analyzing data. The nlu can do the same by analyzing data.	nlu	Create an analogy to explain nlu (machine learning).
Non-response bias is like a machine that is not working properly. It is not getting the right information to make the right decisions.	non-response bias	Create an analogy to explain non-response bias (machine learning).
An optimizer is like a fitness coach. It helps you to identify your weaknesses and work on them so that you can improve your performance.	optimizer	Create an analogy to explain optimizer (machine learning).
Out-group homogeneity bias is similar to a machine learning algorithm that has been "tuned" to recognize a certain pattern in a training set of data. In the context of out-group bias, the machine learning algorithm has been "tuned" to recognize the pattern of difference between in-group and out-group members. As a result, the machine learning algorithm is more likely to identify differences between in-group and out-group members than similarities.	out-group homogeneity bias	Create an analogy to explain out-group homogeneity bias (machine learning).
Parameter update is like a carpenter fine tuning a cabinet he has built. He makes small adjustments to the cabinet's dimensions until it is perfect. In the same way, the machine learning algorithm adjusts its parameters until the model is accurate.	parameter update	Create an analogy to explain parameter update (machine learning).
A partial derivative is a way of measuring how one variable in a function changes when another variable is changed. In machine learning, this can be used to measure how a model's predictions change when its parameters are changed.	partial derivative	Create an analogy to explain partial derivative (machine learning).
Participation bias is similar to a person who only votes in presidential elections and never votes in any other elections. The person’s vote in the presidential election is more likely to be counted and have an impact than their vote in any other election. This is because the presidential election is more important than any other election. In the same way, the data that is used in a machine learning algorithm is more likely to have an impact on the algorithm’s results if it is used in the training set than if it is used in the test set.	participation bias	Create an analogy to explain participation bias (machine learning).
One way to think of partitioning is as a way of splitting up a large set of data into more manageable chunks. This can be helpful when you want to train a machine learning algorithm on a dataset. By dividing the data into smaller sets, you can make the learning process more efficient and reduce the chances of overfitting.	partitioning strategy	Create an analogy to explain partitioning strategy (machine learning).
A perceptron can be thought of as a very simple computer program that can learn to recognize patterns. It is given a set of training data, which is a series of examples of the pattern it is being asked to learn. The perceptron program then "learns" by trying to find a mathematical formula that best fits the training data. Once it has found a formula that fits the data well, it can then be used to recognize the pattern in new data.	perceptron	Create an analogy to explain perceptron (machine learning).
Performance is like a car. It needs fuel (data) to run and make predictions. The more data you give it, the better it will perform.	performance	Create an analogy to explain performance (machine learning).
Perplexity is like a machine learning algorithm trying to learn how to recognize objects in pictures. At first, it is very confused and doesn't know what to do. But over time, it gradually becomes better at recognizing objects and eventually can do it with near-perfect accuracy.	perplexity	Create an analogy to explain perplexity (machine learning).
A pipeline is a machine learning model that is composed of a series of processing steps, or modules. The modules are connected in a sequence, and the data flows through the pipeline from the first module to the last. The modules in a pipeline can be used to perform a variety of tasks, such as preprocessing, feature extraction, model training, and prediction.	pipeline	Create an analogy to explain pipeline (machine learning).
Pipelining is like a conveyor belt in a factory. The belt moves objects from one machine to the next, so that the machines can work on the objects one at a time. In machine learning, pipelining means that the computer can work on several tasks at the same time. For example, it can learn several models at the same time, or it can learn a model and then use it to make predictions.	pipelining	Create an analogy to explain pipelining (machine learning).
Policy is like a machine learning algorithm that is constantly learning and adapting to the user’s needs. It starts by learning the user’s habits and preferences, and then adapts over time to better suit the user’s needs.	policy	Create an analogy to explain policy (machine learning).
Pooling is a technique used in machine learning for data pre-processing. It is a way of reducing the dimensionality of a dataset by combining similar features together. This is done by taking a set of features, usually in the form of a vector, and combining them into a single feature. This new feature is then used in the training or learning process.	pooling	Create an analogy to explain pooling (machine learning).
Positive class is like a human who is learning how to do a new task. The human is constantly trying new things and making mistakes, but they are also learning from their mistakes. Over time, the human becomes better and better at the task.	positive class	Create an analogy to explain positive class (machine learning).
Post-processing is like a human brain. The machine learning algorithm is like the eye. The input is like the light that comes into the eye. The output is like the signal that goes to the brain. The pre-processing is like the lens in the eye.	post-processing	Create an analogy to explain post-processing (machine learning).
The area under the pr curve is similar to the amount of fuel in a tank. The more fuel in the tank, the longer the car will run. The area under the pr curve is also similar to the amount of water in a reservoir. The more water in the reservoir, the longer the water will last.	pr auc (area under the pr curve)	Create an analogy to explain pr auc (area under the pr curve) (machine learning).
Precision-recall curve is similar to a receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC curve) in that it is a graphical representation of the trade-off between the precision and recall of a binary classifier. The precision-recall curve is created by plotting the precision (P) against the recall (R) for all possible thresholds.	precision-recall curve	Create an analogy to explain precision-recall curve (machine learning).
Predicting the future is like looking at a map. You can see all of the different roads and how they connect. You can see all of the different places that people have been and what they did when they got there. By looking at all of this information, you can start to predict where people are going to go next.	prediction	Create an analogy to explain prediction (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a person who has been given a lot of information about a certain topic. This person can then make predictions about things that have not been specifically mentioned, but are related to the topic.	prediction bias	Create an analogy to explain prediction bias (machine learning).
Predictive parity is similar to a human predicting the outcome of a sports game. The human can look at the teams, the players, and the stats to make a prediction. The machine learning algorithm can do the same thing by looking at the data and making a prediction.	predictive parity	Create an analogy to explain predictive parity (machine learning).
Predictive rate parity is similar to the concept of parity in mathematics. In mathematics, parity is the property of an equation that states that the equation is true when both sides are switched around. In other words, the equation is symmetrical. Predictive rate parity is a machine learning concept that states that the predictive accuracy of a model is the same when the training and test data are randomly shuffled. This is important because it ensures that the model is not biased towards the training data.	predictive rate parity	Create an analogy to explain predictive rate parity (machine learning).
Preprocessing is like cleaning a dirty dish. The dish is full of dirt and food residue, and it's not very pleasant to look at or eat from. But if you clean the dish, it becomes much more pleasant to look at and eat from. In the same way, preprocessing cleans up the data so that the machine learning algorithm can more accurately learn from it.	preprocessing	Create an analogy to explain preprocessing (machine learning).
Pre-trained models are like a bicycle. They are a great way to get started, but eventually you will want to learn how to ride a bike on your own.	pre-trained model	Create an analogy to explain pre-trained model (machine learning).
A prior belief in machine learning is like a person’s intuition. It is a feeling or hunch that something is true, even though there is not necessarily any evidence to support it. Prior beliefs can be helpful in guiding decision-making, but they should not be relied on too heavily, as they can often be wrong.	prior belief	Create an analogy to explain prior belief (machine learning).
A probabilistic regression model is like a teacher. The teacher is constantly learning from experience and adjusting their teaching methods accordingly. The model uses past data to predict future outcomes, just like a teacher uses past test scores to predict future grades.	probabilistic regression model	Create an analogy to explain probabilistic regression model (machine learning).
Proxy (sensitive attributes) is like a person’s fingerprints. They are unique to each individual and can be used to identify someone. However, fingerprints are not typically shared with others unless necessary. The same is true for proxy (sensitive attributes). They are unique to each individual and are not typically shared with others, unless necessary.	proxy (sensitive attributes)	Create an analogy to explain proxy (sensitive attributes) (machine learning).
Proxy labels are like a map. They can help you find your way around an area, but they are not the area itself.	proxy labels	Create an analogy to explain proxy labels (machine learning).
A q-function is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the probability of an event occurring. It is similar to a function that calculates the odds of a particular event happening.	q-function	Create an analogy to explain q-function (machine learning).
Q-learning is a machine learning algorithm that is used to predict the future state of a system, based on its current state and the actions taken by the system in the past. It can be thought of as a "learning by doing" algorithm, as it allows the system to learn from its own experiences, rather than relying on pre-determined rules or models.	q-learning	Create an analogy to explain q-learning (machine learning).
Random forest is a machine learning technique that is similar to decision trees. It is a collection of decision trees that are randomly generated.	random forest	Create an analogy to explain random forest (machine learning).
Random policy is like a person who is learning to drive a car. At first, they are just randomly hitting the gas and the brake pedals. Over time, they learn how to control the car and make it go where they want. The random policy in machine learning is like the person in the beginning – it just randomly tries different things in order to learn how to do something.	random policy	Create an analogy to explain random policy (machine learning).
Rater is like a person who is learning to speak a new language. The more they hear the language, the better they will become at speaking it.	rater	Create an analogy to explain rater (machine learning).
A recommendation system is like a group of friends who always recommend new restaurants to each other. The friends are constantly sharing information about new restaurants they've discovered, and they use this information to recommend restaurants to each other. The recommendation system works in a similar way. It uses machine learning to analyze data about customer behavior and then uses this information to recommend products or services to customers.	recommendation system	Create an analogy to explain recommendation system (machine learning).
Rectified linear unit (relu) is a machine learning function that is similar to the logistic function, but with a rectified linear activation function. It is used to prevent the activation function from becoming negative, which can cause the gradient descent algorithm to become stuck in a local minimum.	rectified linear unit (relu)	Create an analogy to explain rectified linear unit (relu) (machine learning).
A recurrent neural network can be thought of as a “machine learning brain” that can learn and remember patterns over time. Just as the human brain can learn new things and remember them over time, a recurrent neural network can learn new patterns and remember them over time. This makes recurrent neural networks very powerful for tasks such as natural language processing and machine translation.	recurrent neural network	Create an analogy to explain recurrent neural network (machine learning).
A regression model is like a teacher. The teacher explains a concept to a student, and then the student is able to apply that concept to new situations. The regression model is able to learn from data, and then apply that learning to new situations.	regression model	Create an analogy to explain regression model (machine learning).
The regularization rate is like the brakes on a car. It helps to keep the car under control and prevents it from going too fast or too slow.	regularization rate	Create an analogy to explain regularization rate (machine learning).
Reinforcement learning is like teaching a dog how to fetch a ball. The dog is initially rewarded for returning the ball to the owner, and over time the dog learns that bringing the ball back is the best way to get rewarded. In reinforcement learning, the computer is also initially rewarded for taking the correct action, and it learns over time which actions are the best way to get rewarded.	reinforcement learning (rl)	Create an analogy to explain reinforcement learning (rl) (machine learning).
A replay buffer is like a video recorder for a TV. It records the TV show so that you can watch it again later.	replay buffer	Create an analogy to explain replay buffer (machine learning).
Reporting bias is like a person who is biased towards a certain team in a sport. This person only reports news that is good for their team and ignores any news that is bad for their team. This is similar to how machine learning can be biased if it only learns from a certain set of data.	reporting bias	Create an analogy to explain reporting bias (machine learning).
Representation is like a map. It is a way to visualize data so that it is easier to understand.	representation	Create an analogy to explain representation (machine learning).
Re-ranking is similar to the process of ranking a list of items. In machine learning, re-ranking is the technique of taking the output of a machine learning algorithm and modifying the ranking of the items in the output based on a second machine learning algorithm.	re-ranking	Create an analogy to explain re-ranking (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm is like a car. The car has a number of different parts that all work together to make it go. The engine is the part of the car that burns fuel and makes it move. The transmission is the part of the car that sends the power from the engine to the wheels. The suspension is the part of the car that keeps it from bouncing around when it goes over bumps. The brakes are the part of the car that stop it when you hit the brake pedal.The return of a machine learning algorithm is like the speed of the car. The return is the speed at which the car goes forward. The higher the return, the faster the car goes.	return	Create an analogy to explain return (machine learning).
Rewards in machine learning are akin to a teacher's positive reinforcement when a student answers a question correctly in class. The teacher might give the student a smile, a pat on the back, or a verbal compliment. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm might give a positive reinforcement (a reward) to a computer program when it correctly predicts an outcome.	reward	Create an analogy to explain reward (machine learning).
Ridge regularization can be thought of as a technique for "stiffening" a machine learning model. Just as adding a ridge to a roof helps to keep it from collapsing, ridge regularization helps to keep a machine learning model from overfitting the data.	ridge regularization	Create an analogy to explain ridge regularization (machine learning).
RNN is like a person who is learning a new language. The person starts by learning basic words and phrases, and then gradually builds up to more complex conversations. RNN works in a similar way, by learning basic words and phrases first, and then gradually building up to more complex tasks.	rnn	Create an analogy to explain rnn (machine learning).
Root mean squared error (rmse) is the average of the squared differences between the predicted values and the actual values. It is a measure of how accurate the predictions are.	root mean squared error (rmse)	Create an analogy to explain root mean squared error (rmse) (machine learning).
Rotational invariance is like a machine that can be turned off and on without affecting its performance.	rotational invariance	Create an analogy to explain rotational invariance (machine learning).
Sampling bias is like a person who only eats at one restaurant. This person will only have a limited view of the types of food that are available and the quality of the food. This is similar to how machine learning can be biased if it only uses a limited number of data samples.	sampling bias	Create an analogy to explain sampling bias (machine learning).
A scalar is a single value, like a number. Machine learning is a way of teaching a computer to learn from data, so it can make predictions or decisions on its own.	scalar	Create an analogy to explain scalar (machine learning).
Scaling is like a car. The more gas you put in, the faster it goes. The more data you give a machine learning algorithm, the more accurate its predictions will be.	scaling	Create an analogy to explain scaling (machine learning).
Scikit-learn is like a teacher. It can help you learn new things, and it can also help you improve your skills.	scikit-learn	Create an analogy to explain scikit-learn (machine learning).
Scoring in machine learning is similar to the process of scoring in a sport. In both cases, a score is assigned to an entity after a set of actions have been completed. In machine learning, this score is used to determine the success or failure of a particular action. In sports, this score is used to determine the winner of a game or match.	scoring	Create an analogy to explain scoring (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm is like a person who is trying to learn about a particular topic. If the person only ever talked to people who agreed with them, they would be biased and would not learn about the full range of opinions on the topic.	selection bias	Create an analogy to explain selection bias (machine learning).
The self-attention layer is similar to the human brain’s ability to focus on specific stimuli in the environment. In the context of machine learning, the self-attention layer allows the model to focus on specific parts of the input data in order to learn more about them. This is important for tasks like image recognition, where the model needs to be able to identify specific features in the image in order to correctly classify it.	self-attention (also called self-attention layer)	Create an analogy to explain self-attention (also called self-attention layer) (machine learning).
Self-supervised learning is a bit like a toddler learning to walk. The toddler is constantly practicing and learning, but is also constantly supervised by parents or other adults. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm can learn on its own by practicing and refining its skills, but it also needs some guidance from humans.	self-supervised learning	Create an analogy to explain self-supervised learning (machine learning).
Self-training is like teaching a computer how to recognize objects in pictures. The computer is given a lot of pictures of objects, and it "learns" how to identify them by analyzing the pictures and looking for patterns.	self-training	Create an analogy to explain self-training (machine learning).
Semi-supervised learning is like a student who is given a few examples of a problem and is then asked to complete the rest of the problems on their own. The student is supervised in that they are given some examples of the correct answer, but they are also semi-supervised in that they must complete the rest of the problems on their own.	semi-supervised learning	Create an analogy to explain semi-supervised learning (machine learning).
Sensitive attribute is like a person's fingerprint. It is unique to each individual and is used to identify them. Sensitive attribute is also like a person's DNA. It is unique to each individual and is used to identify them.	sensitive attribute	Create an analogy to explain sensitive attribute (machine learning).
Sentiment analysis is like a human brain. The brain takes in information from the eyes and other senses, and then processes that information to create an understanding of the world. Sentiment analysis does the same thing with text data. It takes in information from social media, news articles, and other sources, and then processes it to create an understanding of the sentiment of the text.	sentiment analysis	Create an analogy to explain sentiment analysis (machine learning).
Sequence model is like a recipe. The recipe tells you what ingredients to use and in what order to use them to make a dish. The sequence model is a set of instructions that tells a machine how to learn and predict the next event in a sequence.	sequence model	Create an analogy to explain sequence model (machine learning).
Sequence-to-sequence task is like learning a new language. You are given a set of sentences in the new language, and your task is to learn how to generate new sentences in the new language based on the given set of sentences.	sequence-to-sequence task	Create an analogy to explain sequence-to-sequence task (machine learning).
Serving in machine learning is similar to serving in tennis. The machine learning algorithm is like the tennis player, and the data is like the tennis ball. The machine learning algorithm tries to predict the future based on the data it has seen in the past.	serving	Create an analogy to explain serving (machine learning).
Shape is like a piece of clay that can be molded into different shapes. The more you mold it, the more defined the shape becomes.	shape (tensor)	Create an analogy to explain shape (tensor) (machine learning).
Sigmoid function is similar to the shape of a sigmoid curve. It is used in machine learning to model the probability of an event occurring.	sigmoid function	Create an analogy to explain sigmoid function (machine learning).
Similarity measure is like comparing two different types of apples. You might say that one apple is more similar to another apple than it is to a banana.	similarity measure	Create an analogy to explain similarity measure (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm is like a microscope. No matter how big or small the object is, the microscope will always produce the same image.	size invariance	Create an analogy to explain size invariance (machine learning).
Sketching is like taking a picture of a person. You can remember what the person looks like by looking at the picture. Machine learning is like taking a picture of a person and then teaching a computer to remember what the person looks like by looking at the picture.	sketching	Create an analogy to explain sketching (machine learning).
A softmax function can be thought of as a way of converting a vector of probabilities into a single probability distribution. This can be thought of as analogous to the way in which a normal distribution can be thought of as a way of converting a vector of probabilities into a single probability distribution.	softmax	Create an analogy to explain softmax (machine learning).
Sparse feature is like a person who is very thin, but has a lot of muscle. They may not have a lot of fat, but they have a lot of muscle.	sparse feature	Create an analogy to explain sparse feature (machine learning).
Sparse representation is a machine learning technique that is used to improve the performance of a classifier or a regression model. It is a technique that is used to reduce the number of parameters that are required to represent a data set. It is similar to the technique of dimensionality reduction, which is used to reduce the number of dimensions in a data set.	sparse representation	Create an analogy to explain sparse representation (machine learning).
A sparse vector is a lot like a library book. A library book is only borrowed by a limited number of people and is not checked out all the time. A sparse vector is like a library book in that it is only used by a limited number of people and is not used all the time.	sparse vector	Create an analogy to explain sparse vector (machine learning).
Sparsity is a bit like when you go to the grocery store and there are only a few items left on the shelf. The items that remain are likely the ones that are most popular or needed. In the same way, sparsity is a measure of how many unique items are in a dataset. The fewer items there are, the more sparsity there is.	sparsity	Create an analogy to explain sparsity (machine learning).
Spatial pooling is a technique used in machine learning, similar to how our brain pools information. When our brain pools information, it takes multiple pieces of data from different parts of our visual field, and combines them into a single representation. This allows us to see objects as a whole, rather than seeing them as a series of individual parts. Spatial pooling in machine learning works in a similar way. It takes multiple pieces of data from different parts of an image, and combines them into a single representation. This allows the machine learning algorithm to learn the features of an image as a whole, rather than learning them piece by piece.	spatial pooling	Create an analogy to explain spatial pooling (machine learning).
Squared hinge loss is similar to a car accident. When a car accident happens, the car is damaged and the hinges that hold the car together are damaged. The more accidents that happen, the more the hinges are damaged. This is similar to squared hinge loss in machine learning, where the more mistakes that are made, the more the machine learning algorithm is damaged.	squared hinge loss	Create an analogy to explain squared hinge loss (machine learning).
Loss is like a penalty that a machine learning algorithm incurs for making a mistake. The squared loss is a way of measuring how serious the mistake is.	squared loss	Create an analogy to explain squared loss (machine learning).
Staged training is like learning to drive a car. At first, you just learn the basic controls - how to accelerate, brake, and steer. Once you have those down, you start practicing in a safe area, like a parking lot. Once you're comfortable there, you move on to a more challenging environment, like a street. And finally, you're ready to drive in real traffic.	staged training	Create an analogy to explain staged training (machine learning).
State is like a car. It can be in different states, such as "parked," "driving," "stopped," etc. The car's state can be changed by the driver (the user), for example, by turning the wheel or stepping on the gas pedal. The car's state can also be changed by outside factors, such as a gust of wind or a bump in the road.	state	Create an analogy to explain state (machine learning).
A state-action value function can be thought of as a machine learning algorithm that takes in input data (the state of the world) and outputs a value (the action to take). Just as a machine learning algorithm can be tuned to produce better results over time, a state-action value function can be tuned to produce better results over time.	state-action value function	Create an analogy to explain state-action value function (machine learning).
Static model is like a car. It has a fixed structure and can only be used for a certain purpose.	static model	Create an analogy to explain static model (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm can be thought of as a stationery bike. The more you use it, the more efficient it becomes.	stationarity	Create an analogy to explain stationarity (machine learning).
Machine learning is like a computer program that is able to learn on its own by analyzing data. It is similar to how a human brain learns, but it is done with the help of a computer.	step	Create an analogy to explain step (machine learning).
A step size is like the pace of someone walking. It is the distance they move with each step. In machine learning, the step size is the size of the change in the algorithm that is made with each iteration.	step size	Create an analogy to explain step size (machine learning).
SGD is like a hiker walking down a mountain. The hiker takes small steps, but keeps moving forward. SGD works in a similar way: it takes small steps (called "gradients") but keeps moving forward (toward the minimum of the error function).	stochastic gradient descent (sgd)	Create an analogy to explain stochastic gradient descent (sgd) (machine learning).
Stride is like a person's walking speed. It is the number of steps a person takes in a certain amount of time.	stride	Create an analogy to explain stride (machine learning).
Structural risk minimization is like a carpenter using a level and a straight edge to make sure that a piece of wood is perfectly straight. By doing this, the carpenter minimizes the risk of the wood warping or bending.	structural risk minimization (srm)	Create an analogy to explain structural risk minimization (srm) (machine learning).
Subsampling is like when you are looking for a needle in a haystack. You take a small sample of the haystack to look for the needle. This is subsampling because you are taking a small sample of the data to look for a specific thing.	subsampling	Create an analogy to explain subsampling (machine learning).
Supervised machine learning is like a teacher. The teacher is always there to help guide the student and make sure they are on the right track. The teacher also provides feedback to help the student learn and improve. In the same way, supervised machine learning algorithms are always there to help guide the learning process and provide feedback to help improve the accuracy of the predictions.	supervised machine learning	Create an analogy to explain supervised machine learning (machine learning).
A synthetic feature is a bit like a superpower for a machine learning algorithm. It's a feature that the algorithm can learn to identify on its own, without any help from humans. This makes it possible for the algorithm to learn and improve its performance on its own, without any additional input from us.	synthetic feature	Create an analogy to explain synthetic feature (machine learning).
Tabular q-learning is like a recipe. The recipe tells you what ingredients to use, how much of each ingredient, and how to put them all together. The recipe is like a set of instructions that you can follow to make a particular dish. Tabular q-learning is a machine learning algorithm that you can use to learn how to play a particular game. The algorithm tells you what moves to make, how much of a reward you will get for each move, and how to update your strategy based on your experience.	tabular q-learning	Create an analogy to explain tabular q-learning (machine learning).
Target is like a sniper. It takes careful aim and then fires a precise shot.	target	Create an analogy to explain target (machine learning).
Target network is like a group of people who are trying to hit a target. The target is the goal, and the people are the network. The people are trying to hit the target by using their knowledge and experience to guide them. The target network is like a machine learning algorithm, and the people are the data. The target network is trying to learn how to hit the target by using the data to guide it.	target network	Create an analogy to explain target network (machine learning).
A termination condition in machine learning is like the finish line in a race. Once the machine learning algorithm reaches the termination condition, it stops and returns the best result it found.	termination condition	Create an analogy to explain termination condition (machine learning).
Time series analysis is like a doctor diagnosing an illness. The doctor looks at the symptoms over time to try and determine the illness. Time series analysis is also like a detective investigating a crime. The detective looks at the evidence over time to try and determine who committed the crime.	time series analysis	Create an analogy to explain time series analysis (machine learning).
A timestep is like a step in a journey. It's a small increment of progress that helps you get closer to your goal. In machine learning, timesteps allow you to learn and improve your predictions over time.	timestep	Create an analogy to explain timestep (machine learning).
Token is machine learning is like a computer is to a human. A computer can do things a human can't, like calculate large numbers quickly or store a lot of information. In the same way, a machine learning algorithm can do things a human can't, like identify patterns in data or learn from experience.	token	Create an analogy to explain token (machine learning).
Training is like teaching a machine how to do a task. You show it how to do the task a few times, and then it can do the task on its own.	training	Create an analogy to explain training (machine learning).
Trajectory is like a car driving down a road. The car starts at one point and moves down the road. The further the car travels, the more information it collects about the road. The car can use this information to predict how it will move in the future.	trajectory	Create an analogy to explain trajectory (machine learning).
A transformer is a machine learning algorithm that is used to learn the relationship between two sets of data. It can be used to predict the value of one set of data based on the value of another set of data.	transformer	Create an analogy to explain transformer (machine learning).
A machine learning algorithm is like a slide ruler. No matter where you place the ruler on the page, the distance between any two points will always be the same.	translational invariance	Create an analogy to explain translational invariance (machine learning).
Trigram is machine learning is like a person is learning a new language. The person starts by learning basic words and phrases, and then gradually builds upon that knowledge to learn more complex concepts.	trigram	Create an analogy to explain trigram (machine learning).
A true negative (tn) is like a person who is told "no" and then does not do anything.	true negative (tn)	Create an analogy to explain true negative (tn) (machine learning).
A true positive is like a correct answer on a test. It is a signal that is correctly identified as being present.	true positive (tp)	Create an analogy to explain true positive (tp) (machine learning).
The true positive rate (tpr) is the percentage of positive results that are actually positive. It is a measure of how well a machine learning algorithm identifies positive examples.	true positive rate (tpr)	Create an analogy to explain true positive rate (tpr) (machine learning).
Awareness of a sensitive attribute is like a computer being able to recognize objects in a photo. The computer is not aware of the objects in the photo, but it can still identify them.	unawareness (to a sensitive attribute)	Create an analogy to explain unawareness (to a sensitive attribute) (machine learning).
Undersampling is like when you are looking for a needle in a haystack. You take a smaller sample of hay to make it easier to find the needle.	undersampling	Create an analogy to explain undersampling (machine learning).
Unidirectional learning is like a one-way street. The machine can only learn from input data and cannot go back and learn from past data.	unidirectional	Create an analogy to explain unidirectional (machine learning).
A unidirectional language model is like a one-way street. The model can only understand input that flows in one direction.	unidirectional language model	Create an analogy to explain unidirectional language model (machine learning).
The unlabeled example is like a new student in school. The student doesn't have any information about the school yet, but the student is eager to learn and is willing to listen to the other students. The other students are the labeled examples, and they will teach the new student about the school. The new student will learn from the other students about the school's curriculum, the teachers, the other students, and the school's culture.	unlabeled example	Create an analogy to explain unlabeled example (machine learning).
Unsupervised machine learning is like a toddler learning how to speak. The toddler is not given any instructions on how to speak, but instead is allowed to explore and learn from their environment. In the same way, unsupervised machine learning algorithms are allowed to explore and learn from the data they are given. This allows them to find patterns and learn how to classify data on their own.	unsupervised machine learning	Create an analogy to explain unsupervised machine learning (machine learning).
Upweighting is similar to how humans learn. When a human is presented with new information, they will compare it to what they already know. If the new information is similar to what they know, they will give it more weight. If the new information is different from what they know, they will give it less weight.	upweighting	Create an analogy to explain upweighting (machine learning).
A user matrix is a machine learning technique that is used to predict the behavior of a user. It is similar to a matrix that is used to predict the behavior of a machine.	user matrix	Create an analogy to explain user matrix (machine learning).
Validation is like a teacher grading a student's test. The teacher checks to make sure the student answered all the questions and that the answers are correct. Then the teacher assigns a grade based on how well the student did. Validation is like a teacher because it checks to make sure the data is correct and then assigns a grade based on how well the data is.	validation	Create an analogy to explain validation (machine learning).
The vanishing gradient problem is a machine learning problem that occurs when the gradient of the error function becomes very small as the learning algorithm progresses. This can cause the algorithm to "lose track" of the direction it needs to move in order to reduce the error.	vanishing gradient problem	Create an analogy to explain vanishing gradient problem (machine learning).
Loss in machine learning can be analogized to a person losing weight. In both cases, the goal is to reduce the amount of something (loss in weight, loss in accuracy) in order to reach a desired goal. In order to lose weight, a person needs to consume fewer calories than they burn. In order to reduce loss in machine learning, a model needs to make fewer mistakes than it did before.	wasserstein loss	Create an analogy to explain wasserstein loss (machine learning).
Weight is like a machine learning algorithm. It is a tool that can be used to help you make decisions. It can be used to predict the future, or to figure out how to achieve a goal. You can add weight to your machine learning algorithm by giving it more data to learn from. This will help it become more accurate in its predictions.	weight	Create an analogy to explain weight (machine learning).
WALS is a machine learning algorithm that is similar to the gradient descent algorithm, but it is more efficient and stable. It is used to find the minimum of a function by iteratively adjusting a vector of weights in the direction of the negative gradient of the function.	weighted alternating least squares (wals)	Create an analogy to explain weighted alternating least squares (wals) (machine learning).
Wide model is like a big net that catches a lot of fish. It is less accurate than a narrow model, but it is easier to use and more forgiving.	wide model	Create an analogy to explain wide model (machine learning).
Width is like the size of a machine learning algorithm. The wider the algorithm, the more data it can process at once.	width	Create an analogy to explain width (machine learning).
Word embedding is a machine learning technique that helps computers understand the relationships between words. It does this by creating a mathematical representation of each word, which is then used to calculate the similarities between words. This makes it possible for computers to "learn" the meanings of words, and to understand the relationships between them.	word embedding	Create an analogy to explain word embedding (machine learning).
